https://www.uwindsor.ca/success/331/about-steps
About STEPS | Student Success and Leadership Centre Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Student Success and Leadership Centre Student Success and Leadership Centre STEPS About STEPS Free Resources Frequently Asked Questions Online Sessions About STEPS Free Resources Frequently Asked Questions Online Sessions UWindsor Home Student Success and Leadership Centre STEPS About STEPS About STEPS Take STEPS towards your academic success The Student Success and Leadership Centre offers free workshops through the Skills to Enhance Personal Success (STEPS) program that are geared towards helping to develop study skills to achieve academic success in a university setting. STEPS sessions are held throughout the fall and winter semester to introduce practical methods that can help you improve your learning and study skills across disciplines. STEPS workshops are free of charge and no registration is required to attend our workshops. If you would like more information about the STEPS program, please call extension 1414 or email success@uwindsor.ca. Follow this link to download the Winter 2020 schedule. share tweet save LEAD Volunteer Applications Applications for all LEAD positions will open in February 2020. Volunteer with LEAD to make a difference both on and off-campus! Learn How to Apply share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
