http://www.uwindsor.ca/scc
Student Counselling Centre Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Student Counselling Centre In this section Home Hours and Location Appointments Privacy and Confidentiality Wellness Groups Staff Directory What Can I Do Right Now? Wellness Outreach Office Information for Faculty and Staff Frequently Asked Questions Home Hours and Location Appointments Privacy and Confidentiality Wellness Groups Staff Directory What Can I Do Right Now? Wellness Outreach Office Information for Faculty and Staff Frequently Asked Questions UWindsor Home Student Counselling Centre NOTICE: WE ARE STILL OPEN FOR VIDEO AND PHONE APPOINTMENTS NOTICE: WE ARE STILL OPEN FOR VIDEO AND PHONE APPOINTMENTS The Student Counselling Centre is following the University of Windsor’s Emergency Academic Plan and is now closed to all in-person appointments, effective March 18th. Please see below for the change in service offerings: If you wish to make an appointment, we are working remotely by offering telephone and/or video conferencing. Please email scc@uwindsor.ca and we will contact you back within 24-48 hours. If you need to speak with someone immediately please contact MySSP at 1-844-451-9700 or download the ‘MySSP’ app for 24/7 talk or text counselling by licenced counsellors in multiple languages. If your or someone else’s life is at risk, please call 911 for emergency services. We appreciate your understanding during this challenging time as we strive to continue to provide the best possible service to our campus community. Find COVID-19 mental health tips, coping strategies and resources to manage your wellbeing during the pandemic: Click here for COVID-19 Mental Health & Wellbeing Portal The Student Counselling Centre at the University of Windsor provides registered students free, confidential mental health counselling delivered by trained mental health professionals. Students in crisis will be provided support and counselling. Although attending university can be an exciting and dynamic experience, it can also present some challenges. Outside of the obvious academic pressures, students may have to deal with stresses related to: Physical or mental illness (e.g., depression, anxiety) Family issues Identity confusion Time management The end of important relationships Illness or death of a loved one Moving away from home Financial concerns Sometimes coping with one or more of these stresses can prove to be overwhelming. The professional staff of the Student Counselling Centre are here to help! The University offers short-term counselling and therapy services to students who may be experiencing a number of emotional and or behavioural difficulties during the Fall, Winter, Spring, and Summer semesters. If a student has a need for long-term counselling, the University may provide referrals to assist the student in accessing resources in the community. HOW TO BOOK AN APPOINTMENT share tweet save Need Relief Now? Go to our Resource List After Hours Support If you are concerned about a student, or you are a student seeking help outside of our hours, the following options are available: Free confidential conselling by licensed counsellors Call 1-844-451-9700 or download the app MySSP 24/7 helpline for any post-secondary student problems Call 1-866-925-5454 Online self-care tool to teach coping & life skills Anonymous Self Screening Tool Online commmunity of members with shared expriences monitored by clinical proffessionals www.bigwhitewall.ca Community Crisis Centre Call 519-973-4435 share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
