http://www.uwsa.ca/resources/housing-info/
Housing Info | UWSA - University of Windsor Students' Alliance Home Get Involved Contact Us Staff Directory Service Coordinators Toggle navigation About About UWSA In the News Financials UWSA Opportunities Services Afrofest Campus Food Pantry Campus Pride Centre Health and Dental Plan Peer Support Centre Scholarships Universal Bus Pass UWSA Office Services Walksafe Womxn's Centre Afrofest The African Diaspora Festival (Afrofest) is a week-long celebration of African Heritage Month which takes place in February. The week consists of various cultural and educational activities that document and celebrate the contributions made by peoples of African descent to the world. Campus Food Pantry The Food Pantry seeks to empower, aid, and build a culture that it is okay to receive assistance when needed. We are always looking for new people who want to get involved in the food movement, so join us, we will welcome you to the table to build a movement for good food for all. Campus Pride Centre The Campus Pride Centre provides a positive environment for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans, Queer, Questioning, Two-Spirited, Intersex, Pansexual and Asexual individuals and their allies on the University of Windsor campus. Health and Dental Plan The UWSA, on behalf of its members, negotiates a health and dental plan for those students who are not already covered. This service is provided for students in order to reduce the costs of a benefit plan for students that are not already covered. Peer Support Centre The Peer Support Centre is a drop-in centre where students from across campus can find a supportive peer to talk to. It’s a safe and inclusive space where trained peer support volunteers offer peer counselling to students. Scholarships Every year, the UWSA offers up to $10,000 in scholarships and bursaries. UWSA scholarships are given out based on academic performance, extracurricular activities or community involvement. All undergraduate students are encouraged to apply. Universal Bus Pass In 2016, the UWSA, OPUS and GSS negotiated a universal student bus pass (U-Pass) for UWSA, OPUS and GSS students. The U-Pass allows members to have unlimited rides on the regular Transit Windsor city service during the school year, ensuring affordable and accessible transportation throughout your academic journey. UWSA Office Services The UWSA Office has a variety of services to offer to students. Come drop in during the hours of operations to take advantage of some of these services. You are also able to come to for any other general UWSA questions or inquiries. Walksafe Walksafe is a free service provided for all students, faculty, employees and visitors at the University of Windsor. Walksafe is a student-run, student-staffed volunteer program provided by the UWSA to ensure that everyone feels safe on our campus. Womxn's Centre The Womxn’s Centre operates as a free campus service providing a safe space and welcoming environment for people of all backgrounds and expressions. Student Life Get Involved Welcome Week 2019 Blue Gold Pack Equity Collectives Student Centre Events The Lance Student Groups Student Groups Student Group Resource Forms Governance Board of Directors Executives Important Documents Minutes Representation Elections 2020 UWSA General Election Candidates Elections Info Results Resources Campus Map Campus Safety Community Legal Aid Housing Info Other Student Associations We The Union We The Union Coronavirus Coronavirus Updates & Resources Housing Info HOME / Resources / Housing Info As a Tenant You Need to Know Your Rights! Did you know that if you are sharing accommodations with more than 3 persons you have the right to ask your landlord the following questions: Is this property licensed by the City of Windsor? Does this property meet all fire and building code safety standards? Are there bedrooms in the basement or in the attic spaces? If so, do they meet the requirements of the Ontario Fire or Building Codes? Does this property have the acceptable number of exits? Does this property have the correct number of smoke alarms? Fire extinguishers? Fire Alarms? Emergency Lights? On Campus Housing Living on campus is extremely convenient and puts you at the heart of a small community. It is a great way to get you connected to friends and to campus life. For more information on living on campus, visit the University of Windsor’s Residence page. Off Campus Housing If you want to live off campus, Places4Students.com is an off-campus housing service solution that can help you find your next home. NAVIGATION Campus Map Campus Safety Community Legal Aid Housing Info Other Student Associations Latest Tweets Do you have a journal or blog that you write in? ? Taking some time each day to write out your thoughts, feelings,… twitter.com/i/web/status/12450… About 4 hours ago Last chance to apply for UWSA scholarships! Students have until 11:59pm tonight to submit their applications for th… twitter.com/i/web/status/12447… March 30, 2020 3:12 pm What are you doing to stay active? ??It is important to keep our bodies moving during this time period! Find ways t… twitter.com/i/web/status/12446… March 30, 2020 1:17 pm If you are finding that you have a lot more time on your hands at home, it is a perfect time to engage with your ow… twitter.com/i/web/status/12442… March 29, 2020 11:20 am We all need somebody to help lift us up once and awhile. As UWindsor students, you have access to free 24/7 counsel… twitter.com/i/web/status/12439… March 28, 2020 11:20 am The deadline to apply for UWSA scholarships is coming up! If you would like to apply and submit your chance for som… twitter.com/i/web/status/12436… March 27, 2020 6:03 pm It is important to find meaningful and innovative ways to continue to keep in contact and socialize with those that… twitter.com/i/web/status/12435… March 27, 2020 11:20 am A centralized resource with resources to improve your wellbeing! twitter.com/UWinStudentExp/sta… March 27, 2020 9:54 am Transit Windsor Update: Transit Windsor has issued a temporary suspension of Transit Windsor services starting at… twitter.com/i/web/status/12432… March 26, 2020 5:06 pm The National Survey of Student Engagement (NSSE) is here, and your university needs you to provide valuable data th… twitter.com/i/web/status/12432… March 26, 2020 2:30 pm CONNECT WITH US ? BE A PART OF THE STUDENT MOVEMENT AND GET INVOLVED WITH THE UWSA MAIN OFFICE Windsor, ON, N9B 3P4 Phone: (519) 971-3600 Fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca Room 209, 2nd Floor CAW Student Centre 401 Sunset Ave HOURS OF OPERATION Monday - Thursday: 9 am - 5 pm Friday: 9 am - 4 pm Saturday - Sunday: Closed CREEP US © 2020 University of Windsor Students’ Alliance. All rights reserved. Staff Resources Admin Privacy Contact Us
