http://ouac.ca?elqTrackId=845f922020ad40f0a4bebdb35163a933&elqaid=428&elqat=2
<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVFDKC9" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> Home | Ontario Universities' Application Centre Skip to content Accessibility Français Toggle navigation Search Site: Applications Selecting an Application Undergrad Criteria – Am I a 101 or 105? Undergrad (101) Undergrad (105) Law (OLSAS) Medical (OMSAS) Rehab Sciences (ORPAS) Teacher Ed (TEAS) Deadlines Fees FAQs Undergrad (101) Undergrad (105) Law (OLSAS) Medical (OMSAS) Rehab Sciences (ORPAS) Teacher (TEAS) Resources News Apply to an Ontario University The OUAC continues to operate. Our telephone line is closed, but staff continue to respond to emails, live chat and SAM messages (OMSAS/OLSAS/ORPAS/TEAS). Undergrad (101) Current Ontario high school students Undergrad (105) Canadian residents or international applicants not currently attending an Ontario high school Law Ontario Law School Application Service (OLSAS) Rehab Sciences Ontario Rehabilitation Sciences Programs Application Service (ORPAS) Teacher Ed Teacher Education Application Service (TEAS) Medicine Ontario Medical School Application Service (OMSAS) News & Reminders More News Important COVID-19 Update from the OUAC and Ontario’s Universities The OUAC continues to operate, but our building is closed to the public effective March 18, 2020, until further notice. We will continue to process applications with staff working remotely. Our telephone line will be closed, but our staff will continue to respond to emails and live chat messages. Read more. Ontario High School Closures: University Application and Admission Guidelines The universities and the Ontario Universities’ Application Centre (OUAC) are monitoring the Ontario high school labour disruptions and school closures due to COVID-19. Read more. Updates to ORPAS Important Dates The following are updated dates for the Occupational Therapy (OT)/Physical Therapy (PT) programs…Read more. Getting Help Application Inquiries Have your username or OUAC Reference Number handy. Phone: 519-823-1063 Hours: Monday – Wednesday and Friday: 9:30 am – 4:15 pm (ET) Thursday: 10:00 am – 4:15 pm (ET) Contact the OUAC More Information About the OUAC About This Website Employment Environmental Privacy Sitemap Applying for OSAP Statistics The OUAC compiles application statistics for Undergraduate, Teacher Education, Medical School, Law School and Rehabilitation Sciences. Confirmation statistics are compiled for Undergraduate and Teacher Education. View the currently available statistics. © 2020 Ontario Universities' Application Centre Site by Barking Dog Studios Top
