https://www.facebook.com/uwin.OHREA/
University of Windsor's Office of Human Rights, Equity & Accessibility - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Posts Videos Photos About Community Events See more of University of Windsor's Office of Human Rights, Equity & Accessibility on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of University of Windsor's Office of Human Rights, Equity & Accessibility on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now CommunitySee All 169 people like this 204 people follow this AboutSee All (519) 253-3000 Ext 3400 Contact University of Windsor's Office of Human Rights, Equity & Accessibility on Messenger www.uwindsor.ca/ohrea Community · Education Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - September 29, 2011 People 169 likes Related Pages HRG UWindsor Education SAHSS - The Society for Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences College & University OPUS University of Windsor College & University LLAMA Assessment Community of Practice Education Website RELOX Bar Bar & Grill Campus Food Bank Cause UOIT Zeta Psi Lions Club Nonprofit Organization Sun County Crows Minor Lacrosse Nonprofit Organization Sound EFX Production Services Local Business Modern Staffing Employment Agency Laurier African Students' Association - LASA College & University Uwilldiscover Education Jamie's Smiles Nonprofit Organization Friends of Mackenzie Hall Nonprofit Organization CUPE 1393 Organization UWindsor Distinguished Visitor in Women's Studies College & University Ask the River Book Symbol Nightclub and Lounge Dance & Night Club Ballare Performing Arts Centre Dance Studio Waterloo Science Endowment Fund - WatSEF College & University See Moretriangle-down Pages Liked by This Page UWindsor International Student Centre Leddy Library - University of Windsor UWSA - University of Windsor Students' Alliance Windsor Essex Employment Group University of Windsor Southwest Peer Mentor Alliance Celebration of Nations - The World at Your Doorstep University of Windsor See Moretriangle-down Places Windsor, Ontario University of Windsor's Office of Human Rights, Equity & Accessibility English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2020 Posts University of Windsor's Office of Human Rights, Equity & Accessibility August 8, 2019 · A contingent of faculty and staff representing UWindsor will march in the 2019 Windsor Pride Parade this Sunday, August 11th. The parade will take place on Ottawa Street, starting from Monmouth Road and will continue to Lanspeary Park begining at 11:00 am. The Windsor Essex Pride Festival began in 1992 and has drawn attendance from the LGBT community and their allies from across Southwestern Ontario and Michigan. https://www.wepridefest.com/f…/windsor-essex-pride-festival/. Windsor Essex Pride Festival | Festival Windsor Essex Pride Festival | Festival Windsor Essex Pride Festival | Festival Windsor Essex Pride Festival | Festival Windsor Essex Pride Festival | Festival See more at WEPRIDEFEST.COM University of Windsor's Office of Human Rights, Equity & Accessibility July 9, 2019 · News from the CNIB about the Reel Abilities Film Festival, Sat. July 13 at Devonshire Mall https://cnib.cmail19.com/…/F7FA4DBD604357CD2540EF23F30FEDED… Accessibility Resource Sharing Committee presents Diffability Awareness Day in Windsor. Join the CNIB Foundation, ReelAbilities Film Festival and other organizations at Devonshire Mall for an afternoon of film screenings, exhibitor demonstrations, swag items and more! cnib.cmail19.com Diffabilities Day - Windsor Accessibility Resource Sharing Committee presents Diffability Awareness Day in Windsor. Join the CNIB Foundation, ReelAbilities Film Festival and other organizations at Devonshire Mall for an afternoon of film screenings, exhibitor demonstrations, swag items and more! Accessibility Resource Sharing Committee presents Diffability Awareness Day in Windsor. Join the CNIB Foundation, ReelAbilities Film Festival and other organizations at Devonshire Mall for an afternoon of film screenings, exhibitor demonstrations, swag items and more! See All Videos last ASL class of the semester 1 See All See More
