http://www.uwindsor.ca/ctl
Centre for Teaching and Learning (CTL) Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Centre for Teaching and Learning (CTL) In this section Home About the CTL Services Events and Courses Teaching and Learning Resources Teaching and Learning Research Recognition and Awards Visiting Fellows University Teaching Learning Technologies CTL Newsletters Home About the CTL Services Events and Courses Teaching and Learning Resources Teaching and Learning Research Recognition and Awards Visiting Fellows University Teaching Learning Technologies CTL Newsletters UWindsor Home Centre for Teaching and Learning (CTL) Welcome to the CTL Welcome to the CTL Announcements Teaching Continuity during COVID-19: Resources to Help You Prepare CTL, OOL, and ITS have developed resources, workshops and online training to support instructors in teaching and learning amidst the COVID-19 preparations: Academic Continuity During Unplanned Course Interruptions; COVID-19 Preparedness Workshops, Drop-ins and Consultations. Gathering Feedback on Your Teaching Formal Student Evaluations of Teaching (SET) will not be collected for the Winter 2020 term. Many instructors may still want to collect feedback to gather insight into their teaching and course design. Read how to go about this. CTL Staff to Work Remotely Staff at the CTL will be working remotely until further notice. If you require assistance please send an email to the appropriate staff member, or join our virtual drop-ins and consultations. GA/TA Awards - Call for Nominations GA/TA Award for Educational Practice and the GA/TA Award for Educational Leadership recognize and honour exemplary GAs and TAs who contribute to a positive, learning-centred environment at the University. For more information, visit the GATA Awards Call for Nominations page. Events Blackboard Learn Training The Centre for Teaching and Learning provides individual consultations, group workshops, and online self-paced courses about the use of the University’s learning management system, Blackboard Learn. Faculty, sessional instructors, staff, and GAs are welcome to register. Online Courses | F-2-F Workshops Teaching and Learning Series OFFERED ONLINE - Peer Editing in the Classroom: A Creative Approach Instructors: Melanie Little March 20, 2020, 12:30 - 1:30 p.m. Having students review, critique, and edit one another’s work can be an effective means of developing their critical skills, improving their writing, and managing workload. But all too often, students approach peer editing with indifference and even dread—often for good reason. This workshop will offer creative and practical ideas for making peer-review and peer-editing more dynamic, engaging, and inclusive. NOTE: Over the course of the following two weeks, from March 20 through April 6, Melanie will welcome questions on the topic of peer editing. She will then prepare a compilation of these questions and answers to disseminate to all participants. See CTL Registration for details. POSTPONED - Civility, Conflict, and Contradiction in the Classroom Instructors: Erica Stevens Abbitt and Debbie Kane This workshop will be rescheduled at a later date due to the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). This workshop explores issues of diversity, civility, and contradiction in the classroom, with a focus on role-playing and mediation techniques. The goal is to explore the notion that working skillfully across different points of view, interests and beliefs can enhance the teaching and learning experience. Indigenous Curriculum & Pedagogy Winter Series 2020 POSTPONED - Meaningful Integration of Indigenous Epistemologies and Pedagogies Instructor: Jaimie Kechego This workshop will be rescheduled at a later date due to the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). Indigenization of curriculum requires much more than adding Indigenous content. In an education system that has, since its inception and into the present day, valued Western ways of thinking almost exclusively, Indigenization of curriculum requires us to bring Indigenous ways of thinking, being, and learning into course design. This session will provide a discussion of Indigenous epistemologies and pedagogies and how these can be interwoven in curriculum design and development. share tweet save Popular Links Classroom Database Blackboard Learn Visiting Fellows GA/TA and Grad Students University Teaching Certificate Office of Open Learning share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
