http://www.uwindsor.ca/studentexperience/
Office of Student Experience Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of Student Experience In this section Our Priorities Message from Ryan Student Services UWin Proud Wellness Outreach Office Students of Concern Non-Academic Misconduct Student Event Planning Annual Reports Student Life Enhancement Fund Spirituality Senate Student Caucus Contact Us Our Priorities Message from Ryan Student Services UWin Proud Wellness Outreach Office Students of Concern Non-Academic Misconduct Student Event Planning Annual Reports Student Life Enhancement Fund Spirituality Senate Student Caucus Contact Us UWindsor Home Office of Student Experience COVID-19 Update COVID-19 Update Dear students, This is a difficult time for our community and for you as students. The University wants you to know that your safety and your academic progress is our number one consideration. I also know that this is difficult time for many of you emotionally. For what it’s worth Lancers, here’s some unsolicited advice: be kind to yourself and others, limit your time reviewing the news, and perhaps take the opportunity of more time to yourself to explore something new – read or listen to a new great book, explore a new skill set by learning online, write, download a meditation app, or explore a new potential career path. As best you can, occupy yourself and your mind with positive things. You are resilient and smart people. You can and will get through this. In the coming days and weeks, UWindsor will be continuing to update its expansive COVID-19 website, which includes all the University updates, helpful videos and FAQs. Student specific newsletters may also be sent, and these will outline the other actions we will be undertaking to make sure UWindsor student services can support students as long as possible. In the short term, should you have any questions about how the University is responding to any particular issue, check out the University’s website, send us an email (studentexperience@uwindsor.ca), or DM us through our various social media platforms as you have been doing. We’ll do our best to get back to you promptly. Ryan Flannagan, AVP-Student Experience Coronavirus: Information for Students Wellbeing Portal Email Us My Student Support Program share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
