https://www.ombudsman.on.ca/home
Home - Ontario Ombudsman
 Link To Home Page Skip to Main Content Skip to Main Content Careers Training Contact Us Newsletter Sitemap Français Ombudsman Facebook - Opens in new window Ombudsman Twitter - Opens in new window Ombudsman Youtube - Opens in new window Ombudsman Flickr - Opens in new window Ombudsman LinkedIn - Opens in new window Children and Youth Unit Instagram - Opens in new window Home Have a Complaint? What We Do Resources Search Search Navigation Menu Home Have a Complaint? What We Do Resources Careers Training Contact Us Newsletter Sitemap Search Français Ombudsman Facebook - Opens in new window Ombudsman Twitter - Opens in new window Ombudsman Youtube - Opens in new window Ombudsman Flickr - Opens in new window Ombudsman LinkedIn - Opens in new window Children and Youth Unit Instagram - Opens in new window The Ontario Ombudsman promotes fairness, accountability and transparency in the public sector by investigating public complaints and systemic issues within his jurisdiction. Learn More about the ontario ombudsman Have a complaint? Go To Have A Complaint Page Start the process here What We Do Go to What We Do Page About the Ombudsman, the Office and its history Resources Go to Resources Page Investigations, publications, and more OFFICE CLOSED DUE TO COVID-19 CONCERNS – HOW TO REACH US – Our office and phone lines are closed, but we remain committed to helping Ontarians. Our staff are working from home and will do their best to respond to complaints and emails. During this time: - Complaints can be filed via our online complaint form or by email info@ombudsman.on.ca - Our Children and Youth Unit will respond to calls from children and youth in care - Our Careers team continues to recruit for open positions - Watch this space for updates on when regular service will resume Message from the Ombudsman As of May 1, 2019, the Ontario Ombudsman can take complaints about child protection services and French language services. The Ombudsman has created dedicated units of specialized staff to answer questions, address concerns, conduct investigations, and review complaints. Children and Youth French Language Services Cases By Subject NEW Children & Youth NEW French Language Services Certificates & Permits Education Employment Environment & Energy Health Law & Order Money & Property Municipalities Social Services Transportation Recent News March 26, 2020 26 March, 2020 Statement by Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dubé on COVID-19 and Ontario’s correctional facilities Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dubé today released the following statement regarding the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the province’s... Read More » March 20, 2020 20 March, 2020 Statement by French Language Services Commissioner Kelly Burke for International Francophonie Day Today marks the 50th International Francophonie Day. Did you know that French is the fifth most spoken language in the world? According to the... Read More » March 20, 2020 20 March, 2020 Statement by French Language Services Commissioner Kelly Burke for International Francophonie Day Today marks the 50th International Francophonie Day. Did you know that French is the fifth most spoken language in the world? According to the... Read More » March 13, 2020 13 March, 2020 Statement by French Language Services Commissioner Kelly Burke on the coronavirus Health is a priority sector. For francophones and francophiles, French language services are essential to remaining informed and obtaining the... Read More » March 13, 2020 13 March, 2020 Statement by French Language Services Commissioner Kelly Burke on the coronavirus Health is a priority sector. For francophones and francophiles, French language services are essential to remaining informed and obtaining the... Read More » February 12, 2020 12 February, 2020 Ombudsman Paul Dubé supports Venice Principles, strong legal foundation for ombudsman institutions Speaking to colleagues from across Canada and around the world, Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dubé this week welcomed new international standards that... Read More » View More News Scroll Up to Top Ombudsman Ontario All Contents © 2020, Ombudsman Ontario. All Rights Reserved. Home Contact Us Training Sign up for our newsletter Follow Us Ombudsman Facebook - Opens in new window Ombudsman Twitter - Opens in new window Ombudsman Youtube - Opens in new window Ombudsman Flickr - Opens in new window Ombudsman LinkedIn - Opens in new window Have a Complaint Who We Oversee Common Referrals Make a Complaint What We Do About our Office The Ombudsman and Team Topics Values, Mission, Vision The Ombudsman Act Frequently Asked Questions Careers Resources News Ongoing Investigations Reports and Case Summaries Speeches and Articles Brochures and Posters Video Resources Resource Links Municipal Digest
