http://www.ohrc.on.ca/en
Ontario Human Rights Commission | Skip to main content Skip to global navigation Skip to footer Ontario Human Rights Commission Language selector English Français Search Search OHRC Social Links Main Navigation Your Rights The Ontario Human Rights Code The Human Rights System The Ontario Human Rights Commission The Human Rights Legal Support Centre The Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario Frequently asked questions Code Grounds Age Creed Disability Family and marital status Gender identity and gender expression Race and related grounds Receipt of public assistance Record of offences Sex Sexual orientation Social Areas Contracts Employment Goods, services and facilities Housing Membership in vocational associations and trade unions Education & Outreach Events eLearning Webinars Teaching human rights in Ontario Public education requests Our Work Backgrounders and research Brochures, fact sheets and guides Inquiries Legal Letters Papers and reports Policies and guidelines Submissions Featured Stories OHRC policy statement on the COVID-19 pandemic Right to Read - Survey - Page Right to Read: public inquiry into human rights issues affecting students with reading disabilities Public interest inquiry into racial profiling and discrimination by the Toronto Police Service Vision and Mission Strategic focus areas Previous Pause Next 1 of 6 Latest News COVID-19 and Ontario’s Human Rights Code – Questions and Answers March 18, 2020 The OHRC has developed a series of questions and answers for understanding your human rights and obligations during the COVID-19 pandemic. These questions and answers cover the rights and responsibilities of employers and employees, tenants and landlords, as well as residential institutions. Disclaimer: The answers to the questions posed do not constitute legal advice. The OHRC continues to monitor the evolving situation and will update or add to these questions and answers on an ongoing basis as needed. OHRC policy statement on the COVID-19 pandemic March 13, 2020 Following the lead of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Ontario Human Rights Commission (OHRC) urges Ontarians to keep human rights principles under Ontario’s Human Rights Code (Code), the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms (Charter) and relevant international human rights treaties at the centre of decision-making during the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. OHRC statement on Integrity Commissioner’s determination on part-time Commissioner conflict of interest March 5, 2020 Today, the Ontario Human Rights Commission (OHRC) received a copy of the determination of Integrity Commissioner, the Honourable J. David Wake about the appointment of Police Constable Randall Arsenault as a part-time Commissioner. The determination was also shared with the Attorney General. more news Human rights in Ontario Ontario's Human Rights Code is a provincial law that gives everybody equal rights and opportunities without discrimination in specific social areas such as jobs, housing, services, facilities, and contracts or agreements. The Code's goal is to prevent discrimination and harassment because of race, sex, disability, and age, to name a few of the 17 grounds. All other Ontario laws must agree with the Code. Not all unfair treatment and harassment is covered by the Code. The treatment or harassment must be based on at least one Code ground and take place within a social area to be protected. The Ontario Human Rights System is made up of three separate agencies: The Ontario Human Rights Commission (that’s us) works to promote, protect and advance human rights through research, education, targeted legal action and policy development. The Human Rights Legal Support Centre gives legal help to people who have experienced discrimination under the Code. The Human Rights Tribunal is where human rights applications are filed and decided. To learn more, complete our Human Rights 101 eLearning. OHRC Footer Icons OHRC Footer Menu About the Commission Business Plans Annual Reports News Centre Contact us Expense Disclosure Accessibility Feedback Privacy Statement © Queen's Printer for Ontario Open Data
