http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-12/alumni-recognize-their-own-thursday
Alumni to recognize their own Thursday | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Laurie Tannous will receive the Alumni Ambassador Award at the alumni association’s annual general meeting, Thursday, Nov. 14. Alumni to recognize their own Thursday Nov 13th, 2019 As chief executive officer of the John McGivney Children’s Centre, UWindsor alumna Elaine Whitmore (BScN 1988) oversaw its growth into a state-of-the-art facility helping children and youth with special needs to reach their full potential. Whitmore retired this spring after 17 years in that role, using her background in nursing and health background to propel the organization to a leader in caring for clients and families. Her passion and leadership have earned her recognition from the University of Windsor Alumni Association, which will present her with its Award of Merit during its annual general meeting Thursday, Nov. 14. Helen Vasilic (BSc 1975, B.Ed 1976), a former educator and volunteer coach and official in track and field, will also receive this honour. The Alumni Ambassador Award, which recognizes mid-career alumni who have reached significant achievements in their professional life, community and volunteer work, and as a UWindsor ambassador, will be presented to Laurie Tannous (BA 1999, JD 2002). Tannous, an attorney specializing in immigration, serves as a special advisor to the Cross-Border Institute. She shares her expertise and insight to promote co-ordination among law enforcement, community and global partners. In addition to the above awards, English professor Johanna Frank will receive the Excellence in Mentoring Award, and the Odyssey Award for alumni early in their careers will go to Marla Coffin (BA 2009), Stacey Robert-Tobin (BA 2006, B.Ed 2013, M.Ed 2014) and Jennifer Seedu (BComm 2013). Thursday’s Annual General Meeting and Awards Presentation will begin at 5 p.m. in the Alumni Auditorium, CAW Student Centre. Find additional information and register on the event website. Elaine Whitmore Helen Vasilic Laurie Tannous Johanna Frank Marla Coffin Stacey Robert-Tobin Jennifer Seedu Alumni Association share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
