http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-12/educational-leadership-earns-award-professor
Educational leadership earns award for professor | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Anne Forrest will receive an Educational Leadership Award at the 14th annual Celebration of Teaching Excellence, Nov. 20 in Alumni Auditorium. Educational leadership earns award for professor Nov 13th, 2019 The Centre for Teaching and Learning has awarded this year’s Educational Leadership Award to Anne Forrest, assistant dean for academic and student success in the Faculty of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences. The award honours the contributions of individuals who have led significant and sustained initiatives to improve teaching, curriculum, teaching spaces and resources, and policies and procedures that promote effective teaching. A nominator wrote of Dr. Forrest: “It is not hyperbole when I say that I know no one on our campus more deserving of this award.” This sentiment was echoed more than once. Another nominator wrote, “To say that Dr. Forrest is a passionate, inspiring and innovative educator is an understatement and cannot truly capture the breadth and depth of her contributions to the promotion of high-quality learning experiences for all students.” Some examples of Forrest’s educational leadership over the years include: The development of the Bachelor of Arts in Women’s and Gender Studies and the Combined Bachelor of Social Work in Social Work and Women’s and Gender Studies programs. Re-design of the Liberal and Professional Studies program. Re-development of the Labour Studies program into the Work and Employment Issues certificate. Co-development of the Bystander Initiative to mitigate sexual assault. Institutionalizing the Walls to Bridges program. Development of an emergency fund for students of Women’s and Gender Studies. Letters of support also focused on her positive impact on students. One graduate wrote, “Beyond the classroom, she helped me hone my inner strength and acknowledge my full potential in both my personal and professional life.” Forrest, along with other University of Windsor professors, will be honoured at the 14th annual Celebration of Teaching Excellence, Nov. 20 in Alumni Auditorium. Anne Forrest Centre for Teaching and Learning Strategic Priority: Recruit and retain the best faculty and staff Academic Area: Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Women’s and Gender Studies share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
