http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-12/literary-gathering-toast-more-50-years-windsor-review
Literary gathering to toast more than 50 years of The Windsor Review | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews UWindsor English professor André Narbonne guest-edited the current edition of “The Windsor Review.” Literary gathering to toast more than 50 years of The Windsor Review Nov 13th, 2019 When the precursor to The Windsor Review was first published in 1965, the journal contained no literature, nor reviews. In the intervening decades, the articles on such topics as alchemy and religion gave way to the works of such renowned writers as Marshall McLuhan, Joyce Carol Oates, and winners of Governor General awards, Pulitzer prizes, the Order of Canada, and other accolades for their literary work. An event at Biblioasis bookshop Thursday, Nov. 14, celebrates 50-plus years of The Windsor Review. The family of the late Eugene McNamara, the journal’s first editor and founder of UWindsor’s creative writing program, will be on hand to accept a memorial photo commemorating The Windsor Review’s history. The latest edition, edited by UWindsor English professor André Narbonne and published online for free public access, is a selection of works published over the journal’s six decades. The list of authors in what Narbonne calls the “special, retrospective issue,” reads like a who’s who of contemporary literature — poets laureate and iconic essayists, novelists, and authors of short stories. “I wanted it to be representative of the journal Eugene McNamara created in 1965… a collection of important writing,” said Dr. Narbonne. Narbonne is the journal’s fiction editor. He guest-edited the current edition, carefully curating a collection of creative writing, interviews, poetry, and visual art. “It’s such an easy project for me to get involved in,” said Narbonne. “These are foundational things for writers.” Thursday’s event begins at 7 p.m. Biblioasis is located at 1520 Wyandotte St. E. ?Sarah Sacheli Andre Narbonne Academic Area: Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences English share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
