http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-12/pride-prize-incentivize-charity-participation
Pride prize to incentivize charity participation | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews The #UWinProud campaign will combine school spirit and holiday spirit to encourage participation in the campus Adopt-a-Family effort. Pride prize to incentivize charity participation Nov 13th, 2019 The #UWinProud campaign is again looking to combine school spirit and holiday spirit with a prize to encourage participation in the campus Adopt-a-Family effort. A program of the Windsor-Essex Children’s Aid Foundation, Adopt-a-Family collects gifts for local children and youths. UWindsor offices and individuals may choose to sponsor a family as large as two parents with four kids or as small as a single parent and child. Also available for sponsorship are youths on extended care — individuals over the age of 16 years old attending school while living independently. As part of its Windsor Proud spirit campaign, the Office of Student Experience is providing an incentive to participate, by awarding the department with the highest total donation a free coffee break and some #UWinProud swag to go with it. A winner will be announced, on Dec. 5, once the donations are all received. Find details on the contest website. To sign up as a sponsor, email Sabina Howell, administrative assistant in the Office of Public Affairs and Communications, who co-ordinates the campus campaign, at Sabina.Howell@uwindsor.ca. Strategic Priority: Engage in community partnerships share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
