http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-12/coffee-and-cake-show-appreciation-anti-violence-efforts
Coffee and cake to show appreciation for anti-violence efforts | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Coffee and cake in the student centre today will celebrate the Bystander Initiative against sexual violence. Coffee and cake to show appreciation for anti-violence efforts Nov 13th, 2019 Members of the campus community are invited to join UWindsor’s Bystander Initiative for a Coffee and Cake event. The Bystander Initiative is an important part of the University of Windsor’s ongoing commitment to fostering an environment that is free from sexual violence. Achieving this goal requires engaging the entire campus community and the ongoing support of administrators, faculty, staff, and students, says acting co-ordinator Frankie Cachon. “We are very proud of the University of Windsor’s national leadership in addressing sexual violence and we want to thank our campus for the tremendous support of our efforts to prevent sexual violence,” said Dr. Cachon. The Bystander Initiative, now in its second year of its campus-wide programming, seeks to activate students to take personal and social responsibility for the prevention of sexual violence. The end goal is a campus with zero tolerance of all forms of sexual violence. The event is an opportunity to thank the many stakeholders who make Bystander programming possible and to celebrate collaborative efforts to make the campus safer for all. Stop by the CAW Student Centre for complimentary coffee and cake today — Wednesday, Nov. 13 — from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. or while supplies last. Frances Cachon Bystander Initiative share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
