https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cutcom.apparmor.uwindsor
SAFE LANCER - Apps on Google Play We’re updating our Terms of Service. Get to know our new Terms before they take effect on March 31, 2020.ReviewGot it Sign in Hidden fields Search Apps My apps Shop Games Family Editors' Choice Movies & TV My movies & TV Shop TV Family Studios Networks Music My music Shop Books My books Shop Audiobooks Comics Textbooks Children's Books Devices Shop Entertainment Account Payment methods My subscriptions Redeem Buy gift card My wishlist My Play activity Parent Guide Categories Art & Design Augmented Reality Auto & Vehicles Beauty Books & Reference Business Comics Communication Dating Daydream Education Entertainment Events Finance Food & Drink Health & Fitness House & Home Libraries & Demo Lifestyle Maps & Navigation Medical Music & Audio News & Magazines Parenting Personalization Photography Productivity Shopping Social Sports Tools Travel & Local Video Players & Editors Wear OS by Google Weather Games Action Adventure Arcade Board Card Casino Casual Educational Music Puzzle Racing Role Playing Simulation Sports Strategy Trivia Word Family Ages 5 & Under Ages 6-8 Ages 9 & Up Action & Adventure Brain Games Creativity Education Music & Video Pretend Play Home Top charts New releases SAFE LANCER University of Windsor - IT ServicesEducation Everyone 6 Add to Wishlist Install SAFE LANCER is an essential tool to enhance your safety at University of Windsor. The app will send you important safety alerts and provide instant access to campus safety resources. SAFE LANCER is the official mobile safety app of the University of Windsor. SAFE LANCER benefits include: - Safety notifications: Receive instant notifications and instructions from campus safety when on-campus emergencies occur. - Emergency help: contact campus safety staff quickly for help in an emergency. - Campus safety resources: access all important University of Windsor safety resources in one convenient app. Thousands of students, faculty, and staff at the University of Windsor are already using SAFE LANCER. Download today and ensure that you're prepared in the event of an emergency. Read more Collapse ReviewsReview Policy 3.7 6 total 5 4 3 2 1 Loading... What's New Performance improvements. Read more Collapse Additional Information Updated February 4, 2020 Size 22M Installs 1,000+ Current Version 1.3 Requires Android 4.4 and up Content Rating Everyone Learn More Permissions View details Report Flag as inappropriate Offered By University of Windsor - IT Services Developer Visit website uwinmobile@uwindsor.ca Privacy Policy Similar See more R+ Play700 (ROBOTIS) ROBOTIS R+ Play700 is synced to robot kit Play700 which developed by ROBOTIS Co., Ltd. DTEK by BlackBerry BlackBerry Limited Monitor & control the security of your device in a central easy-to-use interface LC Circuit Peter Ho Find out combinations of L and C making a desired resonant frequency Tabbt - Share Expenses Tabbt Tabbt is the best way to share everyday expenses with your friends! FlyMe Aljosa Coh Flight instrument optimized for paragliders More by University of Windsor - IT Services See more myUWindsor Mobile University of Windsor - IT Services Put the University of Windsor experience in the palm of your hand. ©2020 GoogleSite Terms of ServicePrivacyDevelopersArtistsAbout Google|Location: CanadaLanguage: English (United States) By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments Terms of Service and Privacy Notice.
