https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/bb-student-by-blackboard/id950424861?mt=8
?Blackboard on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad. Blackboard 4+ Blackboard Inc. #156 in Education 4.5, 21.3K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Welcome to Blackboard's mobile solution that helps students stay informed, up-to-date and connected. This app includes Blackboard Collaborate with the Ultra experience - a synchronous web conferencing solution for high-quality virtual classes and meetings. With the Blackboard app, you can: • Quickly view updates to your courses and content • Take assignments and tests • View grades for courses, assignments and tests • Participate in Collaborate sessions on the go We love feedback! If you have any questions or comments use the in-app feedback to help improve the application. Note: This application functions as a collaborative tool between our app software and your institution's Blackboard Learn server. Blackboard cannot guarantee that the content created by instructors or other users will be compatible with this app. Access must be enabled by your institution. Features and functionality may at times be limited if your institution has not updated the appropriate software or experiences server outages. Downloading or using this app indicates consent to the terms and privacy information at http://www.blackboard.com/footer/terms-of-use.aspx. What’s New Version History Mar 18, 2020 Version 5.1.1 In this release we’ve fixed some bugs including an issue where some users were unable to load grades in their courses. Enjoying the Blackboard app? Make sure to rate us and leave a review! Ratings and Reviews See All 4.5 out of 5 21.3K Ratings 21.3K Ratings BaharSarra , 2019-03-05 Please Fix Please keep us signed in. I am really frustrated when I have to login every time I launch the app. It did not use to be like this. Thanks Awkwarddddddd , 2017-09-14 Needs optimizing for iPads Could you please optimize this for use on iPads? The old blackboard app was amazing. wonder why they removed support for it. ????? , 2017-09-23 Terrible, Cant Open This terrible app cant open on iphone 6sp even after reinstall, stuck openning screen Information Seller Blackboard Inc. Size 126.9 MB Category Education Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Languages English, Arabic, Bulgarian, Catalan, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Hebrew, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Maori, Norwegian Bokmål, Norwegian Nynorsk, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Vietnamese, Welsh Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Blackboard Inc. Price Free App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing Up to six family members will be able to use this app with Family Sharing enabled. More By This Developer See All Blackboard Connect for iPhone Education Blackboard Communications HQ Education Bb District by Blackboard Education NSPRA Reference TipTxt by Blackboard Education St. Ignatius Loyola School Education You May Also Like See All Chegg Study - Homework Help Education Mathway Education Canvas Student Education Remind: School Communication Education Quizlet Flashcards & Learning Education Blackboard Collaborate™ Mobile Education More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
