http://www.saccwindsor.net/
Sexual Assault Crisis Centre – Just another WordPress site Skip to content Windsor, Ontario Sexual Assault Crisis Centre Menu En Français Accueil À propos de Calacs Contactez-nous About SACC Do You Need Help? Common Responses to Sexual Violence Effects of Sexual Violence on the Survivor Do I Need Counselling? What is involved in counselling? Sexual Assault of Men and Boys Party Safe Safe Partying Tips Party Partners Taking Care of a Drunk Person Use Your Power As a Bystander Party Partner In Action (videos) Resources Other helpful links Contact Us Careers Donations Donations By Cheque Securities and mutual bond donations For Clients Sexual Assault Crisis Centre 1770 Langlois Ave, Windsor, ON N8X 4M5 519-253-3100/ 1-844-900-7222 Due to the current concerns regarding COVID-19 SACC has made a decision to suspend services to ensure both client safety and that of the staff. If you are an existing client, your worker will contact you with further information. If not, we will contact you when we are able to resume services. Please note our 24 hour crisis line will still be available at 519-253-9667. During this uncertain time, please practice self care including mindfulness. There are many websites and apps that have resources on mindfulness and self care. Stay safe. Crisis Intervention Our service provides a twenty-four hour crisis line to survivors of sexual victimization. This service provides emotional support, problem solving strategies, information, and referrals when necessary. We provide information to those who are assisting survivors of sexual violence such as friends, family members, and other community organizations. Counselling Counselling is available to female and male survivors of sexual victimization (sexual assault, sexual abuse and incest) of any age, who reside in the Windsor-Essex County area. Services to children who are victimized are co-ordinated with the Children’s Aid Society. Counselling support is also available for non-offending significant others. Satellite offices are available. Public Education We participate in opportunities to educate the community on the realities of sexual violence, as well as its impact, and to implement initiatives that will reduce sexual violence in our community. Community educational resources are available for download here. Research shows that people who have been through trauma get better faster and more easily when they have support and counsellors who can help them move forward. Sexual Assault Crisis Centre is a place where human rights are respected and where lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans, non-binary, two spirit and queer people are all welcomed and supported. Theme: Overlay by Kaira.
