http://www.mentalhealthhelpline.ca
ConnexOntario

 Accessibility French Other Languages Login 1-866-531-2600 Addiction, Mental Health, and Problem Gambling Treatment Services Addiction, Mental Health, and Problem Gambling Treatment Services Home About Us What to Expect Services Initiatives Contact Us Partnerships Careers Links COVID-19 Call Chat Email Directory As the details around COVID-19 evolve rapidly, please note that some services may close before reporting to ConnexOntario, and you may experience service delays or interruptions at others. Please connect with organizations directly for their current state. If you are unable to contact an organization using the information we have provided to you, please let us know so that we may update our records and offer you another service. We apologize for any inconvenience, and thank you for your patience. Coronavirus(COVID-19) updates *information and assessment locations Order Promotional Materials ConnexOntario provides free marketing resources. All resources promote our information and referral service. Free shipping. Order Now. Quick Facts Drug and Alcohol Introduction to Addiction Did You Know...Alcohol Did You Know...Cocaine Straight Talk - Oxycodone Family Resources Talking About and Spotting Substance Abuse Mental Health Mental Health 101 Anxiety Disorder Schizophrenia Depression When a family member is unwilling to seek help Problem Gambling Gambling 101: Information About Problem Gambling Information about gambling Getting Help Gambling Terms Take the Quiz Mental Health and Addictions Problem Gambling Mobile App available for download. Online tools and apps to support youth mental health. Participate in a study to help determine if a therapeutic intervention for trauma and gambling addiction is helpful to those struggling with concurrent disorder. ConnexOntario ConnexOntario assists individuals with access to addiction, mental health, and problem gambling services. Privacy Policy • Site Map • Contact Us ConnexOntario acknowledges the financial support of the Government of Ontario and Ministry of Health. © 2020 ConnexOntario.
