http://www.uwindsor.ca/studentexperience/304/care-alert
The Care Alert | Office of Student Experience Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of Student Experience Office of Student Experience Students of Concern Our Priorities Message from Ryan Student Services UWin Proud Wellness Outreach Office Students of Concern What is the Behavioural Intervention Plan? What is the Assessment and Care Team? What is a Behaviour of Concern? What Should I Do If I Am Concerned About The Behaviour of a Student? The Care Alert Support Services FAQ's Non-Academic Misconduct Student Event Planning Annual Reports Student Life Enhancement Fund Spirituality Senate Student Caucus Contact Us Our Priorities Message from Ryan Student Services UWin Proud Wellness Outreach Office Students of Concern What is the Behavioural Intervention Plan? What is the Assessment and Care Team? What is a Behaviour of Concern? What Should I Do If I Am Concerned About The Behaviour of a Student? The Care Alert Support Services FAQ's Non-Academic Misconduct Student Event Planning Annual Reports Student Life Enhancement Fund Spirituality Senate Student Caucus Contact Us UWindsor Home Office of Student Experience Students of Concern The Care Alert The Care Alert Concerned about a student? Fill out the online Care Alert form. The Care Alert form is a secure online form designed to support faculty, staff and students in helping students who exhibit certain behaviours to get the help they need. Faculty, staff members and students are encouraged to use the form to provide helpful information about a student who exhibits certain behaviours. The Assessment and Care Team (ACT) discusses every care report submitted and identifies intervention strategies on a case by case basis that will provide the student and the campus community with the best level of support. Wherever possible, ACT will involve you or others closest to the student in the implementation of these strategies. You can also provide a Care Alert by contacting a member of the Assessment and Care Team. Why should I send a Care Alert? At the University of Windsor, each of us has a duty to care about the well-being of others in the campus community. Filling out a Care Alert: Helps to ensure that the student gets the coordinated support that they need as quickly as possible Enables members of the campus community to identify their concerns in a quick and secure way When should I send a Care Alert? A Care Alert can be provided when: A student displays any behaviour that appears to worrisome, disruptive, intimidating, or troublesome but does not represent an immediate threat You have tried other means of resolving the issue with little or no success You believe that a student is in need of coordinated support If you believe that a student's behaviour is an imminent threat to self or others or the campus premises, please dial 911 or call Campus Police at x4444 immediately. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
