http://support.twitter.com/forums/26810/entries/78525
Tweet location FAQs Open menu Help Center Help topics Using Twitter Managing your account Safety and security Rules and policies Guides Getting started New user FAQ Glossary A safer Twitter Contact us Search Go to Twitter Sign out Sign in Search this site Search Privacy Search Using Twitter Tweets Adding content to your Tweet Search and trends Following and unfollowing Blocking and muting Direct Messages Twitter on your device Website and app integrations Using Periscope Managing your account Login and password Username, email, and phone Account settings Notifications Verified accounts Suspended accounts Deactivate and reactivate accounts Safety and security Security and hacked accounts Privacy Spam and fake accounts Sensitive content Abuse Rules and policies Twitter Rules and policies General guidelines and policies Law enforcement guidelines Research and experiments Help Center Privacy Tweet location FAQs Tweet location FAQs Below are some answers to common questions regarding Tweeting with your location. Learn about how to Tweet with your location. What location information is attached to my Tweets? Enabling precise location allows you to selectively add location information to your Tweets. This feature is off by default and you will need to opt in to use it. This allows Twitter to collect, store, and use your precise location, such as GPS information. Once you've enabled precise location, you will be able to attach a location (such as a city or neighborhood) of your choice to your Tweet. Simply tap the location marker while composing your Tweet, and select the location you wish to tag. Note: Once you Tweet with a location, your next Tweet will automatically include a general location label. Learn how to turn location off at any time. Third-party applications or websites may let you Tweet with location, including your precise location. We ask these developers to clearly explain what information is being shared when you use their products to Tweet with location. What controls do I have when I attach location information to my Tweets? Even after you enable Tweeting with your location, you have additional control over which Tweets (and what type of location information) is shared. With this in mind: Tweet location is off by default, and you will need to opt in to the service. You can turn Tweet location on or off at any time. You can delete your past location data from displaying in your Tweets in a single place (see this article for step-by-step instructions). Be cautious and careful about the amount of information you share online. There may be some updates where you want to share your location ("The parade is starting now" or "A truck just spilled delicious candy all over the roadway!"), and some updates where you want to keep your location private. Just like you might not want to Tweet your home address, please be cautious when Tweeting from locations that you don't want others to see. Remember that when you're opted into Tweet location, suggested locations may be offered to you, but you can still choose not to share your location for individual Tweets (see this article for instructions). Please familiarize yourself with our general location settings and the settings of any applications and devices you Tweet with so that you are always aware of the information you share. Remember, once you post something online, it’s out there for others to see. What location information is displayed? All geolocation information begins as a location (latitude and longitude), sent from your browser or device. Twitter won't show any location information unless you've opted in to the feature, and have allowed your device or browser to transmit your coordinates to us. If you have chosen to attach location information to your Tweets, your selected location label is displayed underneath the text of the Tweet. On twitter.com, you can select a location label such as the name of a neighborhood or city. When you use the in-app camera on Twitter for iOS and Android to attach a photo or video to your Tweet and toggle on the option to tag your precise location, that Tweet will include both the location label of your choice and your device's precise location (latitude and longitude), which can be found via API. Your precise location may be more specific than the location label you select. This is helpful when sharing on-the-ground moments. Note: The option to share your precise location from the in-app camera is currently available only on newer versions of Twitter for iOS (6.26 or later) and on newer versions of Twitter for Android (version 5.55 or later). Application developers are required to be up-front and obvious about whether your exact coordinates, or just the place, will be included in your Tweet. When you Tweet from a third-party application or mobile device, it should be clear which type of data will be included in your Tweet. Note: In some areas, you have the option to label your Tweet with a specific business, landmark, or point of interest. These places are sourced from Foursquare. If you see an issue with a place, please report it via Foursquare’s Help Center. If you believe that a specific Tweet is abusive, please report it to Twitter. Bookmark or share this article Scroll to top Was this article helpful? Thank you for the feedback. We’re really glad we could help! Thank you for the feedback. How could we improve this article? It doesn’t have the information I need. The information was hard to follow or confusing. The solution did not work as described. There is a broken link, missing image, or typo. Submit feedback Skip Thank you for the feedback. Your comments will help us improve our articles in the future. About Company Advocacy Safety Blog Brand Resources Careers Investors Business About Twitter Ads Targeting Analytics Ads support Business blog Advertise Developers Documentation Forums Communities Developer blog Engineering blog Help Center Using Twitter Managing your account Safety and security Rules and policies Contact us Marketing Insights Success Stories Solutions Collections Marketing blog Twitter Flight School © 2020 Twitter, Inc. Cookies Privacy Terms and Conditions English Help Center English Español ??? ??? Português Deutsch Türkçe Français Italiano ???????? Nederlands Bahasa Indonesia ??????? ????? ??? ?????? ?????? ??????? ???? ????? ???? ?????? By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads. OK
