http://support.twitter.com/articles/14226-how-to-find-your-twitter-short-code-or-long-code
How to Tweet via text message Open menu Help Center Help topics Using Twitter Managing your account Safety and security Rules and policies Guides Getting started New user FAQ Glossary A safer Twitter Contact us Search Go to Twitter Sign out Sign in Search this site Search Twitter SMS support Search Using Twitter Tweets Adding content to your Tweet Search and trends Following and unfollowing Blocking and muting Direct Messages Twitter on your device Website and app integrations Using Periscope Managing your account Login and password Username, email, and phone Account settings Notifications Verified accounts Suspended accounts Deactivate and reactivate accounts Safety and security Security and hacked accounts Privacy Spam and fake accounts Sensitive content Abuse Rules and policies Twitter Rules and policies General guidelines and policies Law enforcement guidelines Research and experiments Help Center Twitter on your device How to Tweet via text message How to Tweet via text message If you add your mobile number to your Twitter account, you can Tweet by sending a text message to a short code. Sending a text message to any of these short code phone numbers will post your message as a Tweet to your Twitter profile (and it will be sent to all of your followers). There are key differences between using Twitter via short code: Using a short code Using Twitter by texting to a short code means you can perform actions and access content like you would via the web or a smart device. When you use a short code with your Twitter account, you can post Tweets, receive notifications, and enroll in security features like login verification. We currently support two-way Tweets (sending and receiving) via text message through short codes provided by our supported mobile carriers. If you don’t yet have a Twitter account, read about how to sign up for a new Twitter account via text message. If you already have a Twitter account and you want to start tweeting via text message, here’s how to get started: Find your mobile carrier’s short code. Use these designated Twitter commands to perform actions from your Twitter account. Bookmark or share this article Scroll to top Was this article helpful? Thank you for the feedback. We’re really glad we could help! Thank you for the feedback. How could we improve this article? It doesn’t have the information I need. The information was hard to follow or confusing. The solution did not work as described. There is a broken link, missing image, or typo. Submit feedback Skip Thank you for the feedback. Your comments will help us improve our articles in the future. About Company Advocacy Safety Blog Brand Resources Careers Investors Business About Twitter Ads Targeting Analytics Ads support Business blog Advertise Developers Documentation Forums Communities Developer blog Engineering blog Help Center Using Twitter Managing your account Safety and security Rules and policies Contact us Marketing Insights Success Stories Solutions Collections Marketing blog Twitter Flight School © 2020 Twitter, Inc. Cookies Privacy Terms and Conditions English Help Center English Español ??? ??? Português Deutsch Türkçe Français Italiano ???????? Nederlands Bahasa Indonesia ??????? ??? ?????? ?????? ??????? ???? ????? ???? ?????? By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads. OK
