https://www.facebook.com/University-of-Windsor-Aboriginal-Education-Centre-228240470525698/
University of Windsor Aboriginal Education Centre - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Events Posts About Photos Videos Groups Community See more of University of Windsor Aboriginal Education Centre on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of University of Windsor Aboriginal Education Centre on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now ABOUT UNIVERSITY OF WINDSOR ABORIGINAL EDUCATION CENTRE Our Story The Aboriginal Education Centre-Turtle Island represents the interests of Aboriginal communities and...See More CommunitySee All 519 people like this 555 people follow this 4 check-ins AboutSee All (519) 253-3000 Contact University of Windsor Aboriginal Education Centre on Messenger www.uwindsor.ca/aec Community · College & University Opens tomorrow Closed Now Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - May 25, 2011 People 519 likes Related Pages University of Windsor College & University SOAHAC-Windsor Nonprofit Organization Native Student Alliance Nonprofit Organization Can-Am Indian Friendship Centre Community Center UWindsor Education Society College & University Can-Am Urban Native Non-Profit Homes Nonprofit Organization Lash Bar 519 Beauty, Cosmetic & Personal Care Lancer Leadership Conference - Leadership In You Youth Organization Windsor Essex Kent Metis Community Council Government Organization Culture Shock Jewelry Product/Service Makeup by Vanessa Trott Makeup Artist Providence Reformed Collegiate High School WOW - Windsor On Watch Nonprofit Organization University of Windsor Peer Support Centre Nonprofit Organization University of Windsor Student Medical Response Service-UWSMRS College & University OPUS University of Windsor College & University Prince Edward Island Aboriginal Sport Circle Interest University of Windsor Outstanding Scholars College & University Wabaseemoong Independent Nations Government Official Kari Kirkbride Training Gym/Physical Fitness Center See Moretriangle-down Pages Liked by This Page The Lance Ontario Universities' Fair - OUF SOAHAC-Windsor EPICentre UWindsor St. Clair College University of Windsor Outstanding Scholars Can-Am Indian Friendship Centre University of Windsor's Office of Human Rights, Equity & Accessibility University of Windsor Student Experience Wapikoni mobile Climate Action Network Canada Windsor University Faculty Association Aboriginal Child Resource Centre Métis Nation of Ontario OPUS University of Windsor University of Windsor Student Centre Leddy Library - University of Windsor 4 Winds STEM Beginning Time Teaching University of Windsor Residence Services University of Windsor Peer Support Centre See Moretriangle-down Places Windsor, Ontario University of Windsor Aboriginal Education Centre English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2020 Posts University of Windsor Aboriginal Education Centre 2 hrs · Intersession/Summer 2020 Registration Info: All undergraduate instruction this summer will be offered remotely. There will be no face-to-face instruction or in-person assessments, including exams. Students will not need to be on campus. The vast majority of graduate instruction will be offered remotely as well. The exception to this will be two hands-on classes for members of the Spring 2020 Intake of the Master of Engineering (MEng) program. ... http://www.uwindsor.ca/registr…/515/registration-information See More Intersession/Summer 2020 Registration In response to the extraordinary circumstances associated with the COVID-19 situation, the University of Windsor is moving Intersession/Summer 2020 courses online. uwindsor.ca Registration Information Intersession/Summer 2020 Registration In response to the extraordinary circumstances associated with the COVID-19 situation, the University of Windsor is moving Intersession/Summer 2020 courses online. Intersession/Summer 2020 Registration In response to the extraordinary circumstances associated with the COVID-19 situation, the University of Windsor is moving Intersession/Summer 2020 courses online. University of Windsor Aboriginal Education Centre 4 hrs · Anybody found something cool to do during time at home? Here are some ideas. See All See More
