https://www.facebook.com/WDETFM/
WDET 101.9FM - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home About Events Posts Photos Instagram Videos Community YouTube Groups Reviews See more of WDET 101.9FM on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of WDET 101.9FM on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now ABOUT WDET 101.9FM Our Story WDET is Detroit's Public Radio Station and a community service of Wayne State University. For 70 yea...See More CommunitySee All 30,986 people like this 32,305 people follow this AboutSee All 4600 Cass Ave (151.15 mi) Detroit, Michigan 48201 Get Directions +1 313-577-4146 wdet.org/give Broadcasting & Media Production Company · Nonprofit Organization · Radio Station Price Range $ Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - August 12, 2008 People 30,986 likes 2,545 visits Related Pages Detroit Institute of Arts Art Museum Eastern Market Partnership Farmers Market Detroit Metro Times Media/News Company ACLU Nonprofit Organization Model D News & Media Website Dally in the Alley Community Organization Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit - MOCAD Contemporary Art Museum Detroit Zoo Zoo NPR Broadcasting & Media Production Company Detroit Free Press Newspaper Everyday Health Health & Wellness Website DIA's Detroit Film Theatre Performance Art Theatre Ann Delisi's Essential Music Public Figure City of Detroit Government Government Organization Historic Detroit Just For Fun Pure Detroit Souvenir Shop The Greening of Detroit Nonprofit Organization Pop Culture Happy Hour Arts & Humanities Website Kaiser Health News News & Media Website Hour Detroit Magazine Magazine See Moretriangle-down Pages Liked by This Page This Island Earth w/ Ismael Ahmed Wayne State University Nick Austin Ann Delisi's Essential Music NPR Morning Edition Rob Reinhart's Essential Music Fresh Air with Terry Gross NPR's Code Switch NPR Music Wait Wait Don't Tell Me Modern Music with Jon Moshier The On Being Project This American Life NPR The Moth StoryCorps NPRMichel Radiolab The Progressive Underground w/ Chris Campbell Reveal from The Center for Investigative Reporting See Moretriangle-down Places Detroit, Michigan WDET 101.9FM English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2020 Posts WDET 101.9FM 2 hrs · The rapid tests promise results in under 15 minutes and are able to identify the virus before an individual exhibits symptoms. They will be used for essential employees like first responders, bus drivers, and healthcare workers. Detroit expects to be one of the first cities in the nation to deploy “instant testing” for COVID-19. wdet.org Detroit to Deploy "Instant Testing" for First Responders, Healthcare Providers Detroit expects to be one of the first cities in the nation to deploy “instant testing” for COVID-19. Detroit expects to be one of the first cities in the nation to deploy “instant testing” for COVID-19. WDET 101.9FM 5 hrs · We're on to round 3... Vote now for your favorite Michigan musician! Anita Baker goes head-to-head with George Clinton. Bob Seger dueling it out with Madonna. From the 1950’s to today, your vote will decide the greatest musician from Michigan in WDET’s Michigan Music Madness bracket. wdet.org Marvin Gaye vs. The Temptations: Vote Now in WDET's Michigan Music Madness Bracket Anita Baker goes head-to-head with George Clinton. Bob Seger dueling it out with Madonna. From the 1950’s to today, your vote will decide the greatest musician from Michigan in WDET’s Michigan Music Madness bracket. Anita Baker goes head-to-head with George Clinton. Bob Seger dueling it out with Madonna. From the 1950’s to today, your vote will decide the greatest musician from Michigan in WDET’s Michigan Music Madness bracket. See All See More
