https://www.facebook.com/scienceuwindsor/
University of Windsor - Faculty of Science - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Posts Videos Photos About Community Events See more of University of Windsor - Faculty of Science on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of University of Windsor - Faculty of Science on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now CommunitySee All 728 people like this 815 people follow this AboutSee All www.uwindsor.ca/science Science Website · Science, Technology & Engineering · Medical Lab Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - January 17, 2017 People 728 likes Related Pages University of Windsor Science Society College & University Friends of MSF: UWindsor Nonprofit Organization Windsor Cancer Research Group - WCRG College & University University of Windsor College & University UWindsor Share A Smile Nonprofit Organization Ontario Ministry of Health Government Organization University of Windsor Outstanding Scholars College & University Windsor SOS - Students Offering Support Nonprofit Organization University of Windsor Residence Services College & University Science Rendezvous Windsor Nonprofit Organization University of Windsor Student Centre School UWin Pre-Medical Society College & University UWindsor Undergraduate Chemistry Club - UGCC College & University UWindsor Student Groups, Clubs and Societies Campus Building UWindsor Engineering College & University University of Windsor Student Medical Response Service-UWSMRS College & University Campus Bookstore - University of Windsor Bookstore Dry Dock B&B Tobermory Bed and Breakfast Leddy Library - University of Windsor Library Fanshawe Accounting Association- FAA College & University See Moretriangle-down Pages Liked by This Page Let's Talk Science at University of Windsor UWindsor Engineering Places Windsor, Ontario Medical & HealthMedical CenterMedical Lab University of Windsor - Faculty of Science English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2020 Posts University of Windsor - Faculty of Science 8 hrs · This morning #WindsorScience Ken Drouillard shares what brings him and his wife joy during this time of #COVID19 #Isolation - planning for their next canoeing adventure. University of Windsor Great Lakes Institute for Environmental Research (GLIER) EES Windsor It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser. Close Posted by University of Windsor - Faculty of Science 124 Views University of Windsor - Faculty of Science Yesterday at 7:06 AM · #WindsorScience University of Windsor researcher Dr. Trevor Pitcher joins his daughter to talk about the joys of #woodworking as we start week 2 of #COVID19 #Isolation. Great Lakes Institute for Environmental Research (GLIER) University of Windsor Science Society It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser. Close Posted by University of Windsor - Faculty of Science 466 Views See All Videos Dr. Tayna Noel staying home with the wildlife 28 #WindsorScience Department of Physics built a cloud chamber to display what would normally be invisible, tracks of ionizing radiation. Science Academy participants got a treat today. 17 2 Let's hope Dean Houser and Michelle Bondy had their coffee. Steady stream of young women want to hear about the Faculty of Science. 8 See All See More
