https://www.facebook.com/brockuniversity/?ref=py_c
Brock University - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home About Posts Photos Videos Notes Events Reviews Community See more of Brock University on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of Brock University on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now Brock University College & University in St. Catharines 4.3 4.3 out of 5 stars. Closed Now ABOUT BROCK UNIVERSITY The best student experience Experience is everything. With one of the highest rates of student satisfaction, you can count on Bro...See More CommunitySee All 48,634 people like this 49,663 people follow this 90,167 check-ins AboutSee All 1812 Sir Isaac Brock Way (66.24 mi) St. Catharines L2S 3A1 Get Directions (905) 688-5550 Contact Brock University on Messenger brocku.ca College & University Opens tomorrow Closed Now Popular hours Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - February 29, 2008 People 48,634 likes 90,167 visits Related Pages BUSU - Brock University Students' Union College & University Brock University Alumni College & University University of Manitoba School Isaac's Bar & Grill Bar & Grill Thính Media/News Company Goodman School of Business - Brock University College & University University of Windsor College & University Brock University Future Students College & University Western University College & University Ryerson University College & University McMaster University Medical School Thompson Rivers University - TRU World College & University Ontario Ministry of Colleges and Universities Government Organization University of Alberta College & University Niagara College Canada School Queen's University College & University BrockTV News & Media Website Simon Fraser University College & University Brock University Campus Store College & University Visas and Work Permits Interest See Moretriangle-down Pages Liked by This Page Social-Cognitive Development Lab at Brock University Niagara Children's Centre Newstalk 610 CKTB What Is A Badger? Habitat for Humanity Niagara Meridian Centre Brock University Political Science Students' Association Brock University Nursing Student Association Haunt Manor - Hayrides & Haunted Houses Bell Let's Talk Brock Sport Management Council Break the Ice Mayor Walter Sendzik Brock Leaders Citizenship Society (BLCS) Brock University Golf Team École secondaire catholique Jean-Vanier Brock University Curling CS Viamonde Ontario Ministry of Health Brock Basketball See Moretriangle-down Places St. Catharines Brock University English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2020 Posts Brock University March 25 at 2:30 PM · We are part of a special community here at #BrockU. Even as we socially distance ourselves, we are never alone. We will all get through this together. Find mental health support and wellness resources at https://brocku.ca/coronavirus/wellness #BrockUnited It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser. Close Posted by Brock University 1,824 Views Brock University 2 hrs · An important message from President Gervan Fearon to the #BrockU Class of 2020 regarding changes to Spring Convocation. For all #BrockU Spring graduands, please be assured: ??We will celebrate and recognize your academic success! ??You will have your degree conferred and you will receive your parchment on time.... ??The University is considering options for you to be recognized or participate in future ceremonies. See More Dear members of the Brock Class of 2020: You are the Brock University Class of 2020, and throughout the years you have pursued your educational goals. Brock faculty and staff have been honoured to support you in your achievements. At the beginning ... brocku.ca An update to the Class of 2020 from President Gervan Fearon Dear members of the Brock Class of 2020: You are the Brock University Class of 2020, and throughout the years you have pursued your educational goals. Brock faculty and staff have been honoured to support you in your achievements. At the beginning ... Dear members of the Brock Class of 2020: You are the Brock University Class of 2020, and throughout the years you have pursued your educational goals. Brock faculty and staff have been honoured to support you in your achievements. At the beginning ... See All Photos See All See More
