https://www.facebook.com/carletonfuture/?ref=py_c
Carleton University Future Students - College & University - Ottawa, Ontario | Facebook - 15 Reviews - 831 Photos Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home About Reviews Posts Videos Photos Instagram Community Events See more of Carleton University Future Students on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of Carleton University Future Students on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now Carleton University Future Students College & University in Ottawa, Ontario 4.7 4.7 out of 5 stars. Closed Now CommunitySee All 5,745 people like this 5,993 people follow this 67 check-ins AboutSee All 1125 Colonel By Drive (271.72 mi) Ottawa, Ontario K1S 5B6 Get Directions (613) 520-3663 Contact Carleton University Future Students on Messenger admissions.carleton.ca College & University Price Range $$$$ Opens tomorrow Closed Now Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - August 10, 2011 People 5,745 likes 67 visits Related Pages Carleton University (Official) School uOttawa College & University CUSA - Carleton University Students' Association, Inc. College & University Carleton University Student Experience Office Organization Carleton University News College & University Carleton University Dining Services College & University Pakistani Students Association Carleton University Community Organization Co-op and Career Services Campus Building Queen's University College & University McMaster University Medical School Carleton University Faculty of Science College & University RRRA (Rideau River Residence Association) Community Organization CBC Ottawa Broadcasting & Media Production Company Telfer School of Management / École de gestion Telfer - uOttawa Campus Building uOttawa Gee-Gees School Sports Team Ottawa Tourism Tourist Information Center Concordia University College & University Carleton University Faculty of Engineering and Design College & University Concordia University Future Students College & University The Charlatan Media See Moretriangle-down Pages Liked by This Page Carleton Campus Card United Nations Society EduCanada AéVSA - Carleton University CUIndigenous Co-op and Career Services Carleton University Alumni Carleton University (Official) Carleton University - Residence Department of Earth Sciences, Carleton University Carleton University Student Experience Office National Capital Commission Carleton University Dining Services Carleton University School of Journalism Ontario's Universities Carleton Ravens Canadian Alliance of Student Associations Ontario Universities' Fair - OUF Carleton University Faculty of Science Carleton Athletics See Moretriangle-down Places Ottawa, Ontario Carleton University Future Students English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2020 Recommendations and Reviews I was there for one month short term course and I really wanna go there again for higher study . Thi...s university is awesome nd I highly recommend to all who wants to be in . See More July 29, 2019 I think Carleton will be the best place to study.. Their courses are also unique... Hope to apply ne...xt year and get picked.. My love for the school... See More May 5, 2018 As a recent graduate from Carleton University, I would absolutely recommend choosing to study here! ...The experience I have had over the past five years was so much more enriching than I could have ever hoped for. The amount of time and effort Carleton places into supporting all students continues to astonish me every single day. Thanks to Carleton University, my peers and the wonderful faculty and staff, I feel confident in moving forward as a young professional! Thank you, #CU! See More July 22, 2019 See All Posts Carleton University Future Students 7 hrs · Carleton University (Official) 21 hrs · Carleton Journalism Students Finish Term by Covering Pandemic Issues In mid-March, when Carleton University cancelled face-to-face classes and moved to alternative modes of instruction for the rest of the term, third-year Journalism student Sarah MacFarlane left the city to be with her family near Winchester, south of Ottawa. One of the classes she’s completing is ... newsroom.carleton.ca Carleton Journalism Students Finish Term by Covering Pandemic Issues In mid-March, when Carleton University cancelled face-to-face classes and moved to alternative modes of instruction for the rest of the term, third-year Journalism student Sarah MacFarlane left the city to be with her family near Winchester, south of Ottawa. One of the classes she’s completing is ... In mid-March, when Carleton University cancelled face-to-face classes and moved to alternative modes of instruction for the rest of the term, third-year Journalism student Sarah MacFarlane left the city to be with her family near Winchester, south of Ottawa. One of the classes she’s completing is ... Carleton University Future Students March 23 at 11:55 AM · Carleton University (Official) March 23 at 11:28 AM · Over the past week, as Carleton responded to an unprecedented global health crisis, faculty and staff have demonstrated a commitment to being compassionate and flexible with students - keeping the university’s academic mission on track. Sarita Cuadros Sanchez, a third-year Biology student at Carleton University, was scheduled for a major end-of-term presentation last week in her advanced microbiology class. She was nervous. It’s worth 40 per cent of her final mark. So when Carleton announced a shift to online course delivery and ... newsroom.carleton.ca Out of the Classroom: Carleton Transitions With Flexibility and Compassion Sarita Cuadros Sanchez, a third-year Biology student at Carleton University, was scheduled for a major end-of-term presentation last week in her advanced microbiology class. She was nervous. It’s worth 40 per cent of her final mark. So when Carleton announced a shift to online course delivery and ... Sarita Cuadros Sanchez, a third-year Biology student at Carleton University, was scheduled for a major end-of-term presentation last week in her advanced microbiology class. She was nervous. It’s worth 40 per cent of her final mark. So when Carleton announced a shift to online course delivery and ... See All See More
