https://www.facebook.com/ualberta/?ref=py_c
University of Alberta - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Posts Videos Photos Events Notes About Reviews YouTube Virtual Experience Community See more of University of Alberta on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of University of Alberta on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now University of Alberta College & University in Edmonton, Alberta 4 4 out of 5 stars. CommunitySee All 120,526 people like this 124,390 people follow this 112,676 check-ins AboutSee All 114 Street and 89 Avenue NW (1,647.92 mi) Edmonton, Alberta T6G 2R3 Get Directions (780) 492-3111 ualberta.ca College & University Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - August 12, 2009 People 120,526 likes 112,676 visits Related Pages Harvard University College & University University of Toronto School University of British Columbia College & University University of Alberta: Studying in Canada College & University University of Cambridge College & University McGill University College & University University of Waterloo School University of Manitoba School Queen's University College & University Engineering at Alberta College & University University of Regina College & University MADAM JUDY Product/Service UAlberta Alumni College & University University of Alberta - Faculty of Arts College & University YourAlberta (Government of Alberta) Government Organization University of Alberta Faculty of Science College & University Residence Services, University of Alberta College & University University of Calgary School Thompson Rivers University - TRU World College & University BCIT: British Columbia Institute of Technology College & University See Moretriangle-down Pages Liked by This Page The Wanderer TEDMED UASU Elections Women and Children's Health Research Institute University of Alberta School of Business Alumni University of Alberta Earth and Atmospheric Sciences Department University of Alberta School of Public Health University of Alberta Pride Alumni Chapter University Affairs / Affaires universitaires InfoLink The Globe and Mail University of Alberta Press Institute for Sexual Minority Studies and Services (iSMSS) University of Alberta Political Science U of A Vancouver Alumni Edmonton Transit Service - ETS University of Alberta Mixed Chorus The Conference Board of Canada Winspear Centre Department of Family Medicine University of Alberta See Moretriangle-down Places Edmonton, Alberta University of Alberta English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2020 Posts University of Alberta 22 hrs · ?An update regarding credit/non-credit discussion at General Faculties Council. See: https://www.ualberta.ca/…/2020-03-30-update-from-gfc-cr-nc-… University of Alberta Yesterday at 9:22 AM · Experience the mountains from wherever you are! While we all navigate being at home right now, UAlberta is proud to offer our popular Mountains 101 MOOC online course FREE to anyone, anywhere in the world. Lessons are delivered from valley bottoms to mountaintops, from museums and labs, to alpine huts and other spectacular alpine sites. We invite you to join us for this free online adventure! Visit uab.ca/mountains101 It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser. Close Mountains 101 Posted by University of Alberta 3,392 Views See All Videos Spring Convocation 2018 53 4 Notice: Environment Canada has issued a snowfall warning for both Edmonton and Camrose, with 10 to 15 cm expected starting this afternoon. Please prepare accordingly. http://ow.ly/5Gv730j6qD4 50 20 No snow so far, but there's still a Winter Storm Warning in effect for Edmonton and Camrose. As you leave to go home today, please secure doors and close windows. We don't want Wampas getting in. http://ow.ly/qYK530iJ4xF 34 6 See All See More
