https://www.facebook.com/UWindsor/?hc_ref=ARSM9AUXiLWQ-rsNoKTOAHLCiKGWHe6naM35ZTZCyQzP-lcoirTFitS-YM24JE1iNHs&fref=nf
University of Windsor - Home | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Posts Instagram Photos Videos Events About Virtual Experience Community See more of University of Windsor on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of University of Windsor on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now University of Windsor College & University in Windsor, Ontario CommunitySee All 54,302 people like this 55,338 people follow this 53,827 check-ins AboutSee All 401 Sunset Ave (152.99 mi) Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 Get Directions (519) 253-3000 Contact University of Windsor on Messenger www.uwindsor.ca College & University Price Range $ Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - January 16, 2008 People 54,302 likes 53,827 visits Pages Liked by This Page Freshwater Restoration Ecology Centre - University of Windsor Flip the Script UWindsor Master of Management Society Youthrive UWindsor Photography University of Windsor Aboriginal Education Centre Undergraduate Research Initiative (U of A) Mayor Drew Dilkens WFCU Credit Union UWindsor Environmental Sustainability Advocacy CEOx1Day Canada UWindsor Engineering WDET 101.9FM University of Windsor Concrete Canoe Team Media Street Productions Inc. Educational Developers Caucus Annual Conference 2016 Ontario Universities Taking Action Against Sexual Violence Conference Art by Ashley Spina NSERC / CRSNG YKNOT Windsor-Essex See Moretriangle-down Related Pages Green Day Musician/Band University of Toronto School Expedia Travel Agency Ivana Alawi Vlogs Interest Joe Fresh Clothing (Brand) Windsor Star Media/News Company UWSA - University of Windsor Students' Alliance Nonprofit Organization The City Of Windsor Personal Blog University of Manitoba School University of Windsor Residence Services College & University Daily English Learning Education UWindsor GSS College & University University of Waterloo School Renaissance Periodization Health/Beauty University of Alberta College & University St. Clair College Public School Leddy Library - University of Windsor Library uOttawa College & University Western University College & University Brock University College & University See Moretriangle-down Places Windsor, Ontario University of Windsor English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2020 Posts University of Windsor 9 hrs · University of Windsor President Dr. Robert Gordon provides an update to students on new grading choice options, online resources for COVID-19 related questions, convocation and more. For more information about COVID-19 and the University of Windsor, visit http://www.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser. Close A message to students from UWindsor President Robert Gordon Posted by University of Windsor 974 Views University of Windsor 7 hrs · Are you an undergraduate student? Are you looking for someone to help you navigate your academic journey? Academic Advisors are offering three different ways to engage with them! 1. BOOK an appointment with Academic Advising via My Success. At this time all appointments will be done by phone or email. 2?. EMAIL your advising questions to advising@uwindsor.ca and one of the advisors will reply to you. 3?. JOIN one of the daily on-line chat sessions Monday - Friday from 1 to 2 ...p.m. EST. Visit the Academic Advising website to access the on-line chat session. Learn more - Uwindsor.ca/advising See More See All Photos See All See More
