https://www.facebook.com/UWindsor/posts
University of Windsor - Posts | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Posts Instagram Photos Videos Events About Virtual Experience Community See more of University of Windsor on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of University of Windsor on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now Places Windsor, Ontario University of Windsor Posts English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2020 University of Windsor 9 hrs · University of Windsor President Dr. Robert Gordon provides an update to students on new grading choice options, online resources for COVID-19 related questions, convocation and more. For more information about COVID-19 and the University of Windsor, visit http://www.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser. Close A message to students from UWindsor President Robert Gordon Posted by University of Windsor 974 Views University of Windsor 7 hrs · Are you an undergraduate student? Are you looking for someone to help you navigate your academic journey? Academic Advisors are offering three different ways to engage with them! 1. BOOK an appointment with Academic Advising via My Success. At this time all appointments will be done by phone or email. 2?. EMAIL your advising questions to advising@uwindsor.ca and one of the advisors will reply to you. 3?. JOIN one of the daily on-line chat sessions Monday - Friday from 1 to 2 ...p.m. EST. Visit the Academic Advising website to access the on-line chat session. Learn more - Uwindsor.ca/advising See More University of Windsor 9 hrs · Webpage to boost mental health and wellbeing http://ow.ly/BXfp102dpLd University of Windsor 9 hrs · The University’s Coronavirus updates website includes answers to Frequently Asked Questions by students and employees, and now features a form that allows members of both groups to submit inquiries about issues not yet addressed. http://ow.ly/Zyw3102dpLe University of Windsor 9 hrs · Tips aimed at helping staff and faculty transition to working from home http://ow.ly/qoJq102dpLb University of Windsor 9 hrs · Public invited to hear student proposals for Ojibway Shores http://ow.ly/Y0SM102dpLa University of Windsor Yesterday at 6:09 AM · The University Players production of the comedy Stag and Doe, scheduled to open Friday, was cancelled due to pandemic precautions. http://ow.ly/5ld4102dnDK University of Windsor Yesterday at 6:07 AM · Applications for EPICentre’s RBC EPIC Founders is set to open on March 31. The program enables participants to explore their ideas by providing them with mentorship, workshops, and other tools and resources. http://ow.ly/uYna102dnDJ University of Windsor Yesterday at 5:44 AM · #UWindsor's athletics department will announce the winners of its major awards over the next two weeks, after having to cancel its annual banquet. http://ow.ly/DVDe102dnDI University of Windsor March 27 at 6:23 AM · #UWindsor's Dr. Matt Scholl provides an update on the COVID-19 pandemic and some common misconceptions about physical distancing and how well you should disinfect if you leave the home. For the latest information about COVID-19 on campus, including class cancellations, visit http://www.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser. Close Q&A with Dr. Matt Scholl: Coronavirus Ep. 5 Posted by University of Windsor 675 Views University of Windsor March 27 at 5:43 AM · When #UWindsor grad Milos Savic (BA 2015, MFA 2018) joined his girlfriend Elise LeBlanc (BA 2018) in heading to Los Angeles to appear on the Ellen DeGeneres show Game of Games, he went to win. http://ow.ly/WisX102diTN University of Windsor March 27 at 5:35 AM · For parents whose living rooms have turned into classrooms because of school closures, and for professors delivering lectures from home, a series of videos and podcasts from UWindsor’s Faculty of Education have proven to be unexpectedly timely. http://ow.ly/AiUu102diTM University of Windsor March 26 at 5:40 AM · Members of the Windsor University Retirees Association are stepping up to help their fellows who may experience difficulties getting groceries and other necessities during the social distancing required to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Volunteers will help UWindsor retirees take delivery of groceries and other necessities during pandemic precautions. uwindsor.ca Retirees association marshalling volunteer delivery service Volunteers will help UWindsor retirees take delivery of groceries and other necessities during pandemic precautions. Volunteers will help UWindsor retirees take delivery of groceries and other necessities during pandemic precautions. University of Windsor March 26 at 5:33 AM · “The response from faculty and staff across campus has been amazing,” said Chris Houser, dean of the Faculty of Science. “They want to help in any way they can because they see the University as an important community partner.” The University of Windsor is donating disposable gowns, gloves, masks, and other supplies to frontline hospital staff testing for the COVID-19 virus. uwindsor.ca University donates medical supplies to COVID-19 testing centre The University of Windsor is donating disposable gowns, gloves, masks, and other supplies to frontline hospital staff testing for the COVID-19 virus. The University of Windsor is donating disposable gowns, gloves, masks, and other supplies to frontline hospital staff testing for the COVID-19 virus. University of Windsor March 24 at 9:30 AM · Looking for a new at-home workout? Here's a great routine from our friends at Lancer Rec! It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser. Close Posted by Lancer Rec 767 Views 767 Views Lancer Rec March 23 at 8:56 AM · Here’s a FULL BODY AT HOME workout of the week to help you stay active and healthy while you stay home! All you need is a band, some good music and your phone t...o follow along with our Forge trainer Shaina Gazarek with this killer workout. Banded rows 3x12 Face pulls 3x15 Banded deadlifts 3x10 OH press 3x10 Spanish squats 3x10 Front raises 3x15 In the meantime, if you have any questions about how to perform any of these exercises, don’t be afraid to reach out! Stay active and stay safe! #lancerrec #workout #workoutoftheweek #windsorproud #homeworkout See More University of Windsor March 24 at 7:58 AM · “Convocation is a very special time for the entire university community,” said Chancellor Haddad. “Though we are all disappointed we can’t celebrate our students’ achievements in the usual way, please know that your health and safety is our primary decision-making driver during these unprecedented times.” #UWindsor to Postpone Spring Convocation Ceremonies https://www.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus/367/event-facilities University of Windsor is at University of Windsor. March 24 at 6:24 AM · Hey #FutureLancers! #UWindsor is committed to keeping you up to date during this difficult time. Have a question about your application? Ask it during one of our Future Student Webinars! Domestic Applicants can tune in every Tuesday between 3 p.m. and 4 p.m. EDT.... International Applicants can tune in every Wednesday between 7 a.m. and 8 a.m. EDT. To sign up for the webinar or to learn more, visit learn.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus. See More University of Windsor March 23 at 7:20 AM · ? Lancers, we know that the uncertainty surrounding the current #COVID19 situation is causing many of our students to feel stress. Please consider the following tips to help cope during this trying time. ? Routine — Make a daily schedule/routine and stick to it every day... 9?? Fresh Air — Commit to going outside for a walk every day. If walking in small groups, ensure you're at least two metres away from one another 8?? Exercise — Take care of your physical well-being. Find a simple online at-home workout routine to stay active; drink plenty of water throughout the day and get rest when you can 7?? Study — Keep yourself accountable and on top of your studies every day. Avoid studying in your bed 6?? Monitor Your Mood — Be aware of your feelings and how to manage them. Visit uwindsor.ca/wellness for free available resources 5?? Limit Your Exposure to the News — Limit your consumption of social media and news 4?? Practice Positivity — Breathe in. Breathe out. Smile. Laugh. You’ll trick your mind into feeling more positive and in control 3?? Connect with Family and Friends (AT A DISTANCE) — Connect with friends and family as much as possible (at a distance). Talk about happy events, cherished memories and creative ideas that don’t involve the current world circumstances 2?? Be Aware of Scammers —Many are taking advantage of our current level of vulnerability and fear. Take some time to think about calls or emails you receive. If you are asked to respond with urgency, remember, nothing is urgent. If it sounds too good to be true, consider that it could be a scam 1?? Flatten the Curve — If you MUST go out of your home, do so ONLY when absolutely necessary and stay away from others. Do not go to friends’ homes and do not invite friends to your home. We all must work to flatten (and in fact Plank the Curve!. Wash your hands thoroughly and frequently and don’t touch your face Stay safe. Be well. Be kind to each other. See More University of Windsor March 23 at 6:15 AM · Matt Scholl, director of Student Health Services, outlines resources available to students, faculty, and staff feeling anxiety and worry during the global COVID-19 pandemic in a video message produced Friday. http://ow.ly/k4gB102d52G See More
