http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/full-issue
Current Issue | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Thursday, Apr 2nd, 2020 Previous Editions Thu. Apr 2nd, 2020 Wed. Apr 1st, 2020 Tue. Mar 31st, 2020 Mon. Mar 30th, 2020 Fri. Mar 27th, 2020 Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Thursday, Apr 2nd, 2020 Previous Editions Thu. Apr 2nd, 2020 Wed. Apr 1st, 2020 Tue. Mar 31st, 2020 Mon. Mar 30th, 2020 Fri. Mar 27th, 2020 Marium Tolson-Murtty, co-ordinator of Continuing Teacher Education programs, introduced an intersession course in “Teaching and Learning through E-Learning.” Teachers snap up course on e-learning Apr 2nd, 2020 A free course offering additional qualification to teachers in “Teaching and Learning through E-Learning” was fully subscribed just one day after it was announced, reports the Faculty of Education. The course will be delivered entirely online during the spring semester, and was offered Thursday free of charge to the first 30 teachers from tri-county public and Catholic school boards. “We wish to support our partner school boards, and the teachers within those boards and beyond, during a time of crisis in which everything school-related has gone (or will go) virtual,” said dean of education Ken Montgomery. “It is a small effort on our part to support the broad community of educators and the students they are entrusted to care for pedagogically.” The faculty’s Continuing Teacher Education Program offers courses that help teachers develop their skills. Marium Tolson-Murtty, co-ordinator of Continuing Teacher Education programs, said that two developments make the e-learning course particularly timely: a push by the Ontario government to require more online learning for high school students, and current measures to deal with the coronavirus pandemic. “Teachers will be looking for new ways to present course materials to their students,” she said. Educators seeking professional development can also take advantage of discounted tuition for these related courses: AQ Integration of Information and Computer Technology in Instruction, Part 1 (Summer 2020, 20 per cent discount) AQ Integration of Information and Computer Technology in Instruction, Part 2 (Fall 2020, 20 per cent discount) AQ Integration of Information and Computer Technology in Instruction, Specialist (Winter 2021, 10 per cent discount) Tolson-Murtty said the faculty will work with school boards on other ways to support teachers through innovative and accessible continuing teacher education. A central repository houses information especially for future students on the University’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Website provides info on coronavirus for future students Apr 2nd, 2020 The student recruitment office has created a central repository of information especially for future students on the University’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic. “We are in unfamiliar territory and doing everything possible to mitigate the impact that this situation is having on our students — both current and future,” says Chris Busch, associate vice-president, enrolment management. “Things are changing very rapidly and there continue to be many unknowns, but we wish to convey to them that we are a caring community, that they are important to us, and we are here to help.” The dedicated site is designed as a place for future students to access: the most current official information; guidance on their next steps; and digital resources and services for ongoing support; and learn how the University is working to limit the impact of this global pandemic on the admission process. The site, available at learn.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus, is just part of the effort to reassure applicants that UWindsor is addressing the challenges posed by COVID-19. DailyNews will continue to publish updates on these steps in the coming days. Windsor Law students engaged in a variety of mock advocacy competitions earlier this academic year. Windsor Law finds success in mooting competitions Apr 2nd, 2020 Recognizing that experiential learning is a key component of providing a rigorous legal education, the Advocacy and Mooting Program at Windsor Law engages students each year in a variety of mock advocacy competitions including mooting (appellate advocacy), mock trial competitions, mock mediation, client counseling, and negotiation competitions. Windsor Law reports the following successes for the 2019-20 mooting season: Arnup Cup Second-place finalists — Ashley Haines and Sara Little Coaches — Jayme Lesperance and Bryan Pillon Gale Cup Moot Second-place finalists — Braden Adsett, Matthew Bedini, Siobhan Dundon, and Aditi Gupta Chief Justice Dickson medal for top oralist — Aditi Gupta Coaches – David Tanovich and Ashley Haines International Association of Dispute Resolution (INADR) Tournament Top four Mediator finalist — Charles Campbell Fifth-place lawyer/client team — Kaffie Abdirashid and Harsh Makhijani Fourth-place overall advocate/client team; fifth-place top mediator team — Charles Campbell, Kayley Leon, and Nadia Nadeem Coach — Gemma Smyth Ontario Trial Lawyers Association (OTLA) Cup Bergeron Clifford Award for Best Team — Parmis Goudarzimalayeri and Adrianna Klukowska Will Davidson Award for Best Opening Address — Parmis Goudarzimalayeri Coaches — Francine Herlehy and Monica Pathak Oxford Intellectual Property Moot Successful in passing the written submission round Invited to participate in the oral finals in Oxford, England (delayed due to COVID-19) Coach — Wissam Aoun Winkler Class Actions Moot Third Best Oralist Award — Karly Lyons Coach — David Robins “Windsor Law students’ commitment to excellence, high quality advocacy and professionalism is deeply appreciated by our dedicated coaches who volunteer their time,” says Windsor Law associate dean academic Gemma Smyth. “Congratulations to all the Windsor Law 2019-20 moot team participants and their coaches.” —Rachelle Prince UWindsor students, faculty, and staff are eligible for trial access to the Kanopy video streaming service. Kanopy offers free streaming trial for UWindsor community Apr 2nd, 2020 From now until April 17, the video streaming platform Kanopy will be available to University of Windsor students, faculty, and staff. Kanopy has provided the University of Windsor with unlimited access to a selection of documentaries, films, and other educational streaming video content. To access Kanopy, go to https://uwindsor.kanopy.com and log in using the following credentials: Username: uwindsor Password: access Login is only required once; when visiting the Kanopy site again during the trial period, users will be able to play films directly on the site without logging in again. Faculty members who would like to recommend a movie for licensing for current or future UWindsor use can contact their subject librarian. Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
