https://www.linkedin.com/school/university-of-windsor/
University of Windsor | LinkedIn You're signed out Sign in for the full experienceSign inJoin now LinkedIn University of Windsor in Mississauga, ON Search for Jobs People Dismiss Dismiss Dismiss Dismiss Join nowSign in University of Windsor Higher Education Windsor, Ontario 83,080 followers See alumniFollow View all open jobs View all 3,478 employees Report this school About us The University of Windsor is a comprehensive, student-focused university, with more than 15,000 students enrolled in a broad range of undergraduate and graduate programs including several professional schools such as: Law Business Engineering Education Nursing Human Kinetics Social Work We have strong student-faculty relationships, exceptional award-winning faculty and innovative staff. It creates a unifying atmosphere of excellence across all of our faculties to encourage lifelong learning, teaching, research and discovery. The University of Windsor also ushered in a new era in September 2015 with the opening of classes at the first phase of its downtown campus in the heart of Windsor’s core. The new building—which retains the historic facade of the former Windsor Star newspaper building—houses the School of Social Work and the Centre for Executive and Professional Education. The second phase of the downtown campus—now under construction—will include the School of Creative Arts, which will be located in the century-old site of the Windsor Armouries and an adjacent, new building. The University of Windsor is located next to North America’s busiest international border crossing and looks out on one of Canada’s most beautiful waterfronts on the Detroit River. Windsor is also Canada’s southernmost city and has some of the country’s best weather. This location speaks to UWindsor’s strength as an internationally oriented, multi-disciplined institution that actively enables a broad diversity of students, faculty and staff to make a better world through education, scholarship, research and engagement. Its basic characteristics of openness, warmth, and support make the University of Windsor an exceptionally welcoming community for students and faculty from Asia, Europe and Africa—or from just down the street. Website http://www.uwindsor.ca/ Industries Higher Education Company size 10,001+ employees Headquarters Windsor, Ontario Type Educational Institution Founded 1963 Specialties Education, Research Locations Primary 401 Sunset Avenue, Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4, CAGet directions Employees at University of Windsor Shervin Erfani Shervin Erfani Paul Rousseau Paul Rousseau Justin Walsh Justin Walsh Lawyer Kemal Tepe Kemal Tepe See all employees Updates University of Windsor6d Report this post “I saw my students doing great work evaluating digital platforms and realized that my future students, my own faculty colleagues, and the K-12 teaching community could all benefit from capturing and sharing that knowledge,” said professor Bonnie Stewart. "This was long before I knew we’d all be working from home and trying to complete a semester, or home-schooling our kids." Faculty of Ed reviews online resources to help educators and parents teaching… uwindsor.ca 38 Likes LikeCommentShare University of Windsor7d Report this post “The response from faculty and staff across campus has been amazing,” said Chris Houser, dean of the Faculty of Science. “They want to help in any way they can because they see the University as an important community partner.” University donates medical supplies to COVID-19 testing centre uwindsor.ca 248 Likes6 Comments LikeCommentShare University of Windsor1w Report this post “Extension Science is about building research and industry partnerships and opportunities for knowledge transfer,” Dr. Houser said. “We want to make sure that we are doing what we can to support the Windsor-Essex community.” UWindsor chemists lend expertise to produce locally-made hand sanitizer uwindsor.ca 129 Likes2 Comments LikeCommentShare Join now to see what you are missing Find people you know at University of Windsor Browse recommended jobs for you View all updates, news, and articlesJoin now Affiliated pages UWindsor Engineering UWindsor Engineering Windsor, Ontario UWindsor Faculty of Science UWindsor Faculty of Science Higher Education Windsor, Ontario UWindsor Centre for Executive and Professional Education (CEPE) UWindsor Centre for Executive and Professional Education (CEPE) Higher Education Windsor, Ontario UWindsor - Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences UWindsor - Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Higher Education Windsor, Ontario UWindsor Office of Research & Innovation Services UWindsor Office of Research & Innovation Services Research Windsor, OntarioShow more affiliated pagesShow fewer affiliated pages Similar pages Wayne State University Wayne State University Higher Education Detroit, mi Queen's University Queen's University Higher Education Kingston, on The University of British Columbia The University of British Columbia Higher Education Vancouver, British Columbia Western University Western University Higher Education London, ON University of New Brunswick University of New Brunswick Higher Education Fredericton | Saint John, NB University of Michigan University of Michigan Higher Education Ann Arbor, mi Concordia University Concordia University Higher Education Montreal, qc McMaster University McMaster University Higher Education Hamilton, Ontario The University of Toledo The University of Toledo Higher Education Toledo, OH University of Toronto University of Toronto Higher Education Toronto, OntarioShow more similar pagesShow fewer similar pages LinkedIn© 2020 About User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia ?eština Dansk Deutsch English Español ???? Français ??? Italiano ???? Nederlands ??? Norsk Polski Português Român? ??????? Svenska Tagalog ??????? Türkçe ???????Language Language
