http://learn.uwindsor.ca/acting?elqTrackId=b46248e2cc314d02b5fb94690b5a1b92&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=414&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
Acting - Undergraduate Program - University of Windsor - Windsor, Ontario, Canada Coronavirus Updates for Future Students Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students Acting Ask UWindsor Stuff Learn more about UWindsor Your Future, Made in Windsor Programs Campus Tour Virtual Tour Campus Map Meet our Student Ambassadors Explore UWindsor Important Dates Why Windsor Student Experience Experiential Learning Residence Services Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Arts & Culture Headstart Orientation Tuition - Fee Estimator Student Awards Internationalization Coming from outside of Canada or another institution International Students Back to Top Program Highlights & Admission Requirements Your location Canada Outside of Canada Telling us your location makes it easier for us to provide accurate admission requirements. Acting BFA Take centre stage in this program that finds the perfect balance of conservatory-style classes, performance, and academic course work. Develop your talent in this internationally recognized program. Audition required. Sample Courses: Introduction to Acting and Improvisation for the Theatre, Movement for the Actor, Voice for the Actor, Nature of Theatre Career Tracks: Actor, director, voice-over artist, artistic director, producer Admission requirements for Applicants in Canada Course Requirements: ENG4U required, audition. Auditions for Acting are held in Windsor and Toronto. Minimum Average: 70%* * Average over six Grade 12 academic courses. Learn more about Course Equivalencies Admission requirements for Applicants outside of Canada Course Requirements: Grade 12 English required, audition. Auditions for Acting are held in Windsor and Toronto. Minimum Average: 70%* * Applicants educated outside of Canada must submit evidence of education equivalent to the Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) with six Grade 12 academic courses. Grades will be converted to Ontario equivalent grades. Learn more about Country Equivalencies Co-op Co-op Available G General H Honours T Thesis Available C Combined Honours programs available About the Audition Candidates are asked to memorize and prepare two monologues. Each monologue should be approximately one minute in length. One monologue should be by a character from a play by Shakespeare. The other should be by a character from a published modern or contemporary play. You will also learn and present a movement sequence. In addition, your audition will include an improvised scene and cold reading. Functional Knowledge Identify and apply specific acting exercises and techniques essential to the development of a theatre artist Embody the principles of flexibility, strength, and endurance as they apply to the development of the theatre artist Communicate articulately, effectively, and efficiently by incorporating voice and movement techniques into the creation of a role Observe and think critically as a theatre artist Communicate analytically about theatre practice in verbal and written form Research, develop, and embody creative work Analyze, interpret, rehearse, and perform text from various periods, theatrical styles, and genres 95% Employment Rate of Graduates (OUGS Fine and Applied Arts, 2017) "My time in the program helped hone my discipline and skill as an actor. It added detail, depth, and thoughtfulness to my work. Not only has my study in the BFA program made me the performer I am today, it also taught me skills such as communication, confidence, empathy, and professionalism, which are priceless in the acting world and beyond. Take risks and challenge yourself. This program really does provide you with all the tools you’ll need to make yourself a great actor but it’s up to you to become that great actor.” Eric Branget BFA in Acting [2016] Let's Talk About Acting We’re here to help you along the way. Contact us to learn more about our program options. First Name* Last Name* Email Address* Career Tracks* Actor Announcer Artistic director Artistic producer Broadcaster Casting director Comedian Journalist Lawyer Playwright Professor Radio/Television Announcer Stunt person Teacher Television actor Voice coach Voice-over artist * Additional education and/or training required for some of the above careers. Common sectors for graduates Acting: Professional theatre, film and TV Education: Public and private streams; corporate, motivational speaking Media and journalism: Criticism, live performance Apply to UWindsor With the programs you want and smaller student-to-faculty ratios, you can get the hands-on learning that’s sure to set you on a journey to a future you’ll be proud of. How to Apply Explore Opportunities Explore a selection of opportunities recommended for students in your program. This chart shows some of your many options – you don’t have to do everything on it or limit yourself to it. Engage in opportunities from each of the three categories to set yourself up for success. Academics Experience Career First Year Take required courses including Nature of Theatre I and II, Voice for the Actor I and II, Movement for the Actor I and II, and Improvisation and Introduction to Acting for the Theatre I and II Review degree course requirements Enrol in required courses that prepare you with the fundamentals of actor training Meet with an academic advisor such as the department head or faculty advisor Receive peer mentorship from upper-year Drama students Middle Years Continue with required courses and check in with academic advisor to make sure you are on the right path Consider completing a research project in final year HIP Continue taking courses in acting technique, scene study, Shakespearean performance, voice, improvisation, movement and theatre history Consider taking courses and internships through the Arts Management Certificate program HIP Final Year Meet with an academic advisor to go over degree requirements Complete all required courses for your degree Apply to graduate through MyUWindsor Portal Work with a faculty member on a research project or publication HIP Consider completing required courses for Arts Management Certificate Previous Previous Next Next First Year Explore available Drama and Acting internships or field placements HIP Apply for a co-curricular experience such as VIP-Community Service Learning Investigate research opportunities as part of the Outstanding Scholars program HIP Participate to serve as crew member Join a student society like Club SODA or UWSA Research summer workshop opportunities offered through the School of Dramatic ArtHIP Participate in the Bystander Initiative workshop to gain skills that will help you be an effective and supportive ally to prevent sexual assault on campus Middle Years Participate in the UWill Discover undergraduate research conference HIP Participate in University Players performance or production opportunities Expand your skills by taking on a summer, part-time or volunteer position Look for a leadership role as a peer mentor Consider joining the Inspired Acting Lab Consider participating in the Stratford Summer Intensive Program or the Month in Moscow Program Apply for creative or academic research position through the Ignite Work Study Program Audition for a role with University Players Final Year Conduct field research with a faculty member HIP Become a tutor for Students Offering Support (SOS) HIP Participate in a creative activity with faculty member or alumni Complete Performance Seminar as a capstone linked to Theatre Ontario HIP Become a course coordinator for a class Previous Previous Next Next First Year Create a list of things that you enjoy, areas in which you excel, and your skills Meet with a career advisor in Career Development and Experiential Learning (CDEL) for help developing a plan for your future years Consider a career assessment workshop or appointment to help you identify possible career paths Get involved with a part-time job, volunteer opportunity, campus group, or research assistantship Attend CDEL workshops to learn how to find a summer or part-time job and write a non-acting resumé and cover letter Drop in to meet with one of CDEL's peer advisors to get answers to your career and job search questions Middle Years Consult with visiting guest directors and artists for professional mentorship and industry related matters Research career fields and occupations that complement your acting training with the help of a CDEL career advisor Explore opportunities and meet employers through job fairs and employer networking events Explore further educational opportunities by attending the Graduate and Professional Schools Fair and researching admission requirements for programs you are interested in Create a LinkedIn profile and have it critiqued Take part in informational interviews and join online communities like LinkedIn and Ten Thousand Coffees to connect with people in your targeted profession or industry Final Year Take part in casting workshops If you are considering applying to graduate or professional school, be aware of early application deadlines Meet with CDEL to prepare application documents like a resumé, cover letter, CV, or personal statement for positions outside of acting Attend an Interview Skills Workshop and Job Search Tips Workshop Use InterviewStream to practice your interview skills online Set up an in-person mock interview with a career advisor for professional school or job applications Attend CDEL's workshops on interview skills and job search strategies Compose a portfolio of relevant academic and work experience Previous Previous Next Next HIP High-Impact Practices (HIP) A HIP is an enriching educational experience that can be life-changing and often includes learning outside of the classroom while encouraging meaningful interaction and collaboration, such as: Co-op, internship or field experiences Research with faculty Culminating senior experience Capstone courses Service-learning Learning communities Study abroad Career Planning Cycle Intentional career planning will help you prepare for your next step after graduation and beyond. It is a fluid, dynamic, and lifelong process. You can move on or return to an earlier stage in the cycle at any time. Build your Skills and Experience Your UWindsor experience is more than attending classes. It is a combination of academics, co-curricular activities, and extracurricular involvement. By making the most of all three elements of your university experience, you will maximize your opportunities to build your skills, broaden your personal network, and clarify your long term academic and career goals. Curriculum Courses of study specific to each program Co-Curricular Activities and experiences that complement coursework (Outstanding Scholars, peer mentoring, VIP) Extracurricular Activities falling outside the scope of set curriculum (Part-time job, clubs, volunteering, athletics) Virtual Coffee with a Student Recruiter Do you have questions about your application, awards or residence? Do you want to learn more about your next steps? Our team is ready to help. Make your Virtual Coffee with a Recruiter appointment today! Click below to see the schedule of available appointments and topics. We look forward to meeting you! Book an appointment Visit UWindsor Windsor/Essex County is a beautiful region situated in the heart of the Great Lakes. We enjoy the warmest climate in Ontario, with a long Summer and short Winter. Come see us, you won’t want to leave. Book a campus tour Take a Virtual Tour you & your family are invited to Fall Open House Saturday, Nov 2, 2019 Sign-up Now More about Open House Why you should attend Open House Attend program presentations Visit the Student Services Fair Speak with professors, staff and current students Learn about our Student Awards and Financial Aid program See the campus including residence and our athletic facilities Remember to sign-in for your chance to win free fall semester tuition! Explore UWindsor Tour Why you should attend Find out about our Undergraduate programs Learn more about Admissions, Awards, Student Experience and Residence Attending the event automatically enters you for a chance to win free fall semester tuition! Sign-up now Locations Join us at the information sessions that are most convenient to you All receptions are from 6:30 pm - 8 pm Markham Toronto Marriott Markham - Tues, Nov 26, 2019 Mississauga Corporate Event Centre at CHSI - Wed, Nov 27, 2019 London DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel London Ontario - Thurs, Nov 28, 2019 Kitchener Crowne Plaza Kitchener-Waterloo - Tues, Dec 3, 2019 Chatham John D. Bradley Convention Centre - Wed, Dec 4, 2019 you & your family are invited to Spring Open House Saturday, March 7, 2020 10 am - 4 pm More About Open House Why you should attend Open House Attend program presentations Visit the Student Services Fair Speak with professors, staff and current students Learn about our Student Awards and Financial Aid program See the campus including residence and our athletic facilities Remember to sign-in for your chance to win free fall semester tuition! you & your family are invited to Applicant Receptions Sign-up now Why you should attend Open House Attend program presentations Visit the Student Services Fair Speak with professors, staff and current students Learn about our Student Awards and Financial Aid program See the campus including residence and our athletic facilities Remember to sign-in for your chance to win free fall semester tuition! you & your family are invited to the Ontario Universities Fair September 27 - 29, 2019 If you’re thinking about applying to UWindsor, don’t miss OUF. Why you should attend OUF The OUF draws more than 130,000 students, parents and educators over the 3-day event. Don’t miss out on the largest educational fair in Canada! You can talk to students, professors and university reps, get answers about programs, admission requirements, student life and much more. UWindsor will offer multiple info session throughout the OUF weekend. Register for OUF Learn about OUF Close Continue Exploring UWindsor 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Continuing Education Fee Estimator 2. Connect Request Program Information Request Materials Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Contact Us 3. Visit Virtual Tour Book a Tour Learn about Student Life Watch Student Videos 4. Apply Undergraduate Graduate International Law Education Transfer 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map Campus Tour Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Emergency Services for Students
