http://learn.uwindsor.ca/psychology?elqTrackId=55797d67ac5048eb9ff2f4403816a86d&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=414&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=
Psychology - Undergraduate Program - University of Windsor - Windsor, Ontario, Canada Coronavirus Updates for Future Students Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students Psychology Psychology Child Psychology Developmental Psychology Psychology (BA)/Concurrent Education/Early Childhood Education (ECE) Ask UWindsor Stuff Learn more about UWindsor Your Future, Made in Windsor Programs Campus Tour Virtual Tour Campus Map Meet our Student Ambassadors Explore UWindsor Important Dates Why Windsor Student Experience Experiential Learning Residence Services Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Arts & Culture Headstart Orientation Tuition - Fee Estimator Student Awards Internationalization Coming from outside of Canada or another institution International Students Back to Top Program Highlights & Admission Requirements Your location Canada Outside of Canada Telling us your location makes it easier for us to provide accurate admission requirements. Psychology G H C T Get inside people’s brains in this program that lets you discover why people think and act the way they do. Major in psychology alone or do a combined honours with another discipline. Unlike other schools, we have an Introduction to Psychology course for psych majors only, and we break off into small groups led by mentors to help you along. You can do research and community placements throughout your undergraduate years. Sample Courses: Introduction to Psychology as a Behavioural Science, Introduction to Psychology as Social Science, Child Development, Abnormal Behaviour, Health Psychology, Human Cognitive Neuroscience Career Tracks: Psychologist, health educator, mental health worker, rehabilitation counsellor, community agency service worker Admission requirements for Applicants in Canada Course Requirements: ENG4U required. Minimum Average: 70%* * Average over six Grade 12 academic courses. Learn more about Course Equivalencies Admission requirements for Applicants outside of Canada Course Requirements: Grade 12 English required. Minimum Average: 70%* * Applicants educated outside of Canada must submit evidence of education equivalent to the Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) with six Grade 12 academic courses. Grades will be converted to Ontario equivalent grades. Learn more about Country Equivalencies Child Psychology G Learn what makes kids tick in this program focusing on child and adolescent development. You’ll have a clinical placement in your fourth year, and have opportunities to get involved in research throughout the program. Sample Courses: Introduction to Psychology as a Behavioural Science, Developmental Psychology: The Child, Child Psychopathy, Developmental Disabilities Career Tracks: Child psychologist, child and youth worker, educational assistant, community support worker, health educator Admission requirements for Applicants in Canada Course Requirements: ENG4U required. Minimum Average: 70%* * Average over six Grade 12 academic courses. Learn more about Course Equivalencies Admission requirements for Applicants outside of Canada Course Requirements: Grade 12 English required. Minimum Average: 70%* * Applicants educated outside of Canada must submit evidence of education equivalent to the Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) with six Grade 12 academic courses. Grades will be converted to Ontario equivalent grades. Learn more about Country Equivalencies Developmental Psychology H C T Our developmental psychology program offers so much more than other schools — opportunities for undergraduate research and community placements that allow you to put what you’ve learned in the classroom into practice. Work with children, adolescents, adults or seniors and choose a career path that matches your interests. Sample Courses: Introduction to Psychology as a Behavioural Science, Developmental Psychology: Adolescence, Developmental Psychology: Adulthood and Aging, Learning and Behaviour Career Tracks: Behavioural psychologist, mental health worker, rehabilitation counsellor, child and youth worker, elder care Admission requirements for Applicants in Canada Course Requirements: ENG4U required. Minimum Average: 70%* * Average over six Grade 12 academic courses. Learn more about Course Equivalencies Admission requirements for Applicants outside of Canada Course Requirements: Grade 12 English required. Minimum Average: 70%* * Applicants educated outside of Canada must submit evidence of education equivalent to the Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) with six Grade 12 academic courses. Grades will be converted to Ontario equivalent grades. Learn more about Country Equivalencies Psychology (BA) G /Concurrent Education/Early Childhood Education (ECE) One diploma and two degrees in five years instead of seven. That’s efficient! This program is offered in co-operation with St. Clair College. You’ll get an ECE diploma there, plus bachelor degrees in education and psychology, making you eligible to teach JK to Grade 6. Sample Courses: Teaching and Learning, Educational Psychology, Assessment and Evaluation, Introduction to Psychology as a Behavioural Science, Human Sensation and Perception, Learning and Behaviour, additional ECE classes at St. Clair College Career Tracks: ECE, elementary teacher, principal, special education teacher, learning strategist, academic administrator Professional Designation Possible: OCT (Ontario College of Teachers), Diploma in ECE Admission requirements for Applicants in Canada Course Requirements: ENG4U required. Admission to first year only Minimum Average: 75%* * Average over six Grade 12 academic courses. Learn more about Course Equivalencies Admission requirements for Applicants outside of Canada Course Requirements: Grade 12 English required. Admission to first year only Minimum Average: 75%* * Applicants educated outside of Canada must submit evidence of education equivalent to the Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) with six Grade 12 academic courses. Grades will be converted to Ontario equivalent grades. Learn more about Country Equivalencies Co-op Co-op Available G General H Honours T Thesis Available C Combined Honours programs available "Psychology has allowed me to discover my potential through research, academic practicums and hands-on learning experiences. I have been able to get involved through student organizations, facilitate classroom discussions and work alongside professors while delivering curriculum. I am grateful for the opportunities, work involvement and influential individuals I have met along the way. I hope the skills, knowledge and strategies I have gained carry with me in the field of work!" Leonardo Anthony Pisciuneri BSc Biology & Psychology Functional Knowledge Understanding and assessing the psychological, emotional, cognitive, and social determinants of human behaviour Identifying, interpreting, and communicating key issues relevant to individuals, groups and society Understanding and applying behavioural components of psychological theory Appreciating the respective roles of various governmental, community, and health-care institutions Being sensitive to and understanding key psychological problems and the broader human condition Conducting qualitative/quantitative psychological research; gathering information, assessing and analyzing data, and establishing links 273 Number of Graduates (2018) 93% Employment Rate of Graduates Employment rate of graduates 2 years following degree completion (OUGS Social Sciences, 2017) Let's Talk About Psychology We’re here to help you along the way. Contact us to learn more about our program options. First Name* Last Name* Email Address* Career Tracks* Addictions counsellor Behavioural psychologist Child and youth worker Child psychologist Communications specialist Consultant Demographer Disability service worker Doctor Forensic psychologist Gerontologist Health educator Journalist Law enforcement officer Lawyer Mediator Mental health worker Operations director Policy analyst Project manager Psychiatrist Psychologist Public official Rehabilitation counsellor Research co-ordinator Social worker Teacher University professor * Additional education and/or training required for some of the above careers. Common sectors for graduates Academia: Advanced psychological research and teaching Business: Research and analysis, human resources, project management Education: Advising, counselling, corporate training Government: Research and policy development Healthcare: Administration, counselling Law and law enforcement Immigration and community integration Psychology practice: Private, healthcare, corrections Social service and community agencies Apply to UWindsor With the programs you want and smaller student-to-faculty ratios, you can get the hands-on learning that’s sure to set you on a journey to a future you’ll be proud of. How to Apply Explore Opportunities Explore a selection of opportunities recommended for students in your program. This chart shows some of your many options – you don’t have to do everything on it or limit yourself to it. Engage in opportunities from each of the three categories to set yourself up for success. Academics Experience Career First Year Gain foundational knowledge while receiving small group mentorship from faculty and upper-level peers by taking Introduction to Psychology as a Behavioural Science and Introduction to Psychology as a Social Science Review degree course requirements Meet with a Psychology Academic Advisor Consider combining your Psychology degree with another area of study Receive peer mentorship from Psychology Students’ Association Middle Years Enrol in social, child and other specialized psychology courses to explore different interests Meet with a Psychology Academic Advisor each semester to keep your courses on track Investigate the possibility of becoming a mentor to first year students Look into volunteering to work in a professor’s research lab HIP Apply to an Honours Psychology program with Thesis by Winter of 2nd year if interested HIP Consider declaring a minor Final Year Meet with an academic advisor to go over degree requirements Complete all required courses for your degree Apply to graduate through UWinsite Student Portal Work with a faculty member on a research project or publication HIP Look into research or teaching opportunities with department professors and graduate students HIP Take a field work, internship, or practicum course to optimize your senior experience HIP Previous Previous Next Next First Year Become a member of the Psychology Students’ Association View available internships or field placements for your program of study HIP Invesitgate research opportunities as part of the Outstanding Scholars program HIP Take part in psychology research studies through the Psychology Research Participant Pool HIP Research student exchange opportunities for middle years HIP Participate in the Bystander Initiative workshop to gain skills that will help you be an effective and supportive ally to prevent sexual assault on campus Apply for a co-curricular experience such as VIP - Community Service Learning Middle Years Join a professional association in your field such as the Ontario Psychological Association Participate in the UWill Discover undergraduate research conference HIP Look for a leadership role in a club, society or campus organization such as the Peer Support Centre, LEAD or Students Orienting Students (SOS) Attend a Psychology Students’ Association event such as the meet the professor night or annual gala Apply for student exchange program HIP Expand your skills by taking on a summer, part-time or volunteer position Final Year Apply to become a student representative on the Departmental Council or Undergraduate Studies Committee Conduct field research with faculty member HIP Become a tutor for Students Offering Support (SOS) HIP Become a peer mentor for students enrolled in Introduction to Psychology Take a Practicum course in Psychology, Developmental Psychology or Social Change HIP Previous Previous Next Next First Year Create a list of things that you enjoy, areas in which you excel, and your skills Meet with a career advisor in Career Development and Experiential Learning (CDEL) for help developing a plan for your future years Consider a career assessment appointment to help you identify possible career paths Get involved with a part-time job, volunteer opportunity, campus group, or research assistantship Attend CDEL workshops to learn how to find a summer or part-time job and write a university-levle resumé Drop in to meet with one of CDEL’s peer advisors to get answers to your career and job search questions Middle Years Research career fields and occupations with the help of a CDEL career advisor Explore opportunities and meet potential employers by participating in job fairs and industry networking events Explore further educational opportunities by attending the Graduate and Professional Schools Fair and researching admission requirements for programs you are interested in Create a LinkedIn profile and have it critiqued Take part in informational interviews and join online communities like LinkedIn and Ten Thousand Coffees to connect with people in your targeted profession or industry Search job postings to learn what skills, knowledge, and credentials you will need for potential careers Final Year If you are considering applying to graduate or professional school, be aware of early application deadlines Meet with CDEL to prepare application documents like a resumé, cover letter, CV, or personal statement for jobs and education programs you are applying to Attend CDEL's workshops on interview skills and job search strategies Use InterviewStream to practice your interview skills online Set up an in-person mock interview with a career advisor for professional school or job applications Meet employers at the annual job fair in January Compose a portfolio of relevant academic and work experience Explore professional development opportunities through Continuing Education Previous Previous Next Next HIP High-Impact Practices (HIP) A HIP is an enriching educational experience that can be life-changing and often includes learning outside of the classroom while encouraging meaningful interaction and collaboration, such as: Co-op, internship or field experiences Research with faculty Culminating senior experience Capstone courses Service-learning Learning communities Study abroad Career Planning Cycle Intentional career planning will help you prepare for your next step after graduation and beyond. It is a fluid, dynamic, and lifelong process. You can move on or return to an earlier stage in the cycle at any time. Build your Skills and Experience Your UWindsor experience is more than attending classes. It is a combination of academics, co-curricular activities, and extracurricular involvement. By making the most of all three elements of your university experience, you will maximize your opportunities to build your skills, broaden your personal network, and clarify your long term academic and career goals. Curriculum Courses of study specific to each program Co-Curricular Activities and experiences that complement coursework (Outstanding Scholars, peer mentoring, VIP) Extracurricular Activities falling outside the scope of set curriculum (Part-time job, clubs, volunteering, athletics) Virtual Coffee with a Student Recruiter Do you have questions about your application, awards or residence? Do you want to learn more about your next steps? Our team is ready to help. Make your Virtual Coffee with a Recruiter appointment today! Click below to see the schedule of available appointments and topics. We look forward to meeting you! Book an appointment Visit UWindsor Windsor/Essex County is a beautiful region situated in the heart of the Great Lakes. We enjoy the warmest climate in Ontario, with a long Summer and short Winter. Come see us, you won’t want to leave. Book a campus tour Take a Virtual Tour you & your family are invited to Fall Open House Saturday, Nov 2, 2019 Sign-up Now More about Open House Why you should attend Open House Attend program presentations Visit the Student Services Fair Speak with professors, staff and current students Learn about our Student Awards and Financial Aid program See the campus including residence and our athletic facilities Remember to sign-in for your chance to win free fall semester tuition! Explore UWindsor Tour Why you should attend Find out about our Undergraduate programs Learn more about Admissions, Awards, Student Experience and Residence Attending the event automatically enters you for a chance to win free fall semester tuition! Sign-up now Locations Join us at the information sessions that are most convenient to you All receptions are from 6:30 pm - 8 pm Markham Toronto Marriott Markham - Tues, Nov 26, 2019 Mississauga Corporate Event Centre at CHSI - Wed, Nov 27, 2019 London DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel London Ontario - Thurs, Nov 28, 2019 Kitchener Crowne Plaza Kitchener-Waterloo - Tues, Dec 3, 2019 Chatham John D. Bradley Convention Centre - Wed, Dec 4, 2019 you & your family are invited to Spring Open House Saturday, March 7, 2020 10 am - 4 pm More About Open House Why you should attend Open House Attend program presentations Visit the Student Services Fair Speak with professors, staff and current students Learn about our Student Awards and Financial Aid program See the campus including residence and our athletic facilities Remember to sign-in for your chance to win free fall semester tuition! you & your family are invited to Applicant Receptions Sign-up now Why you should attend Open House Attend program presentations Visit the Student Services Fair Speak with professors, staff and current students Learn about our Student Awards and Financial Aid program See the campus including residence and our athletic facilities Remember to sign-in for your chance to win free fall semester tuition! you & your family are invited to the Ontario Universities Fair September 27 - 29, 2019 If you’re thinking about applying to UWindsor, don’t miss OUF. Why you should attend OUF The OUF draws more than 130,000 students, parents and educators over the 3-day event. Don’t miss out on the largest educational fair in Canada! You can talk to students, professors and university reps, get answers about programs, admission requirements, student life and much more. UWindsor will offer multiple info session throughout the OUF weekend. Register for OUF Learn about OUF Close Continue Exploring UWindsor 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Continuing Education Fee Estimator 2. Connect Request Program Information Request Materials Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Contact Us 3. Visit Virtual Tour Book a Tour Learn about Student Life Watch Student Videos 4. Apply Undergraduate Graduate International Law Education Transfer 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map Campus Tour Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Emergency Services for Students
