http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/308/automotive-engineering?elqTrackId=fc632265ab6c48e2844b3a95565b89f7&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Automotive Engineering | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Ontario 3MT About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Ontario 3MT Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Automotive Engineering Automotive Engineering International M.A.Sc. International M.A.Sc. in Automotive Engineering/Laurea Magistrale in Automotive Engineering Dual degree program with Politecnico di Torino, Italy Students accepted into the program will begin with one year of graduate study in Windsor taking courses and working on a research thesis that is defined and supported by FCA (Fiat Chrysler Automobiles) North America. Students will then travel to the Politecnico di Torino to complete their Master’s degree with an additional year of study, and their thesis research with the support of Fiat. The entire program is conducted in English. The program starts in September and is typically completed over a two-year period. While earning a Master of Applied Science (MASc) degree from the University of Windsor and a Laurea Magistrale degree from the Politecnico di Torino, students will receive solid professional training and the practical experience necessary to work in a competitive global environment—plus live and study in two wonderful countries and work with a large, multi-national automotive company Areas of Study: Vehicle engineering Powertrain engineering Manufacturing and management Virtual product and process engineering Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: February 1 Minimum TOEFL: IBT-83 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements Please note: the admission average for this program is 78% (higher that standard grad admissions). Current resume describing work experiences and software program and language skills. Official Academic Transcript Authorization to Release Official Documents and Information Letter of Interest addressed to the program administrator Dr. Jennifer Johrendt describing why they are interested in the partnership program, their education/skills/experience, their skills using CAD/Catia/Solidworks, interpersonal and leadership skills, problem solving skills, what team involvement they've had (Formula SAE, BAJA, or other team involvement), and what they feel they will gain from this experience. The Graduate Record Examination (GRE) is recommended for students graduating from universities outside of North America. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course Descriptions Visit Automotive Engineering Apply to this Program share tweet save Grad News COVID-19 updates from the Faculty of Graduate Studies Postponed: Three Minute Thesis competition 2020 Graduate studies features in the DailyNews Fine Arts Grad Combines Research and Creativity to Study Intersectionality of Her Heritage Weisener Lab Makes a Splash in Water Purification and Conservation More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
