http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/312/civil-engineering?elqTrackId=6504ed537d784a97a6b8db1048be524c&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Civil Engineering | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Ontario 3MT About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Ontario 3MT Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Civil Engineering Civil Engineering MASc The MASc is a research-based program in which you complete four graduate level courses and a thesis. You will need an advisor and will conduct research under your advisor’s supervision. This program is designed to be completed in two years. Scholarships and graduate assistantships are available by application. Continuation of your education is possible with this degree. MEng An MEng Degree may be awarded upon successful completion of a total of eight courses (the MEng has no research component/thesis/work with a faculty supervisor). Of these eight courses: Five courses must be from the student's department (major; civil) Plus three required courses: Engineering Technical Communications, Engineering Mathematics and Engineering Project Management (to be taken in the first or second semester of the program) Co-op program is optional and students must apply for admission in their first study term. No funding or scholarships are available. Please also review the MEng website for a note regarding admissions PhD An applicant for admission to graduate studies leading to the PhD degree in Civil engineering must normally be a graduate of a recognized university with a master's degree in applied science (MASc) or the equivalent. Applicants with degrees in related fields will be considered but will normally require strengthening of their background in Civil engineering. Our objective is to attract the best students and to educate them in the rigors of scientific research. We provide a scholarly and dynamic environment with attention to scientific discipline, detail and accuracy. Research Areas and Facilities Structural engineering Earthquake engineering Steel, concrete and composite properties Geotechnical engineering Water and wastewater treatment Environmental biotechnology Air pollution Life cycle analysis Renewable energy technologies Water resources and infrastructure Climate change impact and adaptation Intelligent transportation systems Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: MASc and Phd: May 1 MEng: Please review the MEng website for admission availablity Deadline for Winter: MASc and Phd: September 1 MEng: Please review the MEng website for admission availablity Deadline for Summer: January 1 (MASc and Phd) MEng: Please review the MEng website for admission availablity Minimum TOEFL: M.A.Sc., Ph.D.: IBT-83 MEng: IBT-92 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements Additional requirements for these programs tend to vary, please contact the department to which you are applying to for a detailed list of additional requirements. Additional Requirements (MEng only) Non-Consolidated Academic Transcript Backlog Certificate Resume/CV Upon acceptance of an offer of admission a deposit of $4000 is due within 21-days. Please refer to the information on deposits included with your offer. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding (research based programs only) Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course Descriptions Visit Civil and Environmental Engineering Apply to this Program share tweet save Grad News COVID-19 updates from the Faculty of Graduate Studies Postponed: Three Minute Thesis competition 2020 Graduate studies features in the DailyNews Fine Arts Grad Combines Research and Creativity to Study Intersectionality of Her Heritage Weisener Lab Makes a Splash in Water Purification and Conservation More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
