http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/326/film-and-media-arts?elqTrackId=9b5f51d8b17f4484aa73ce94165aef24&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Film and Media Arts | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Ontario 3MT About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Ontario 3MT Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Film and Media Arts Film and Media Arts M.F.A Film and Media Arts The School of Creative Arts offers an MFA in Film and Media Arts program. Like the MFA in Visual Arts, the MFA in Film and Media Arts focuses on studio production with an emphasis on multidisciplinary collaboration. Students are expected to create films and multimedia works in a variety of genres en route to developing a thesis project. Our faculty have established national and international reputations, exhibiting, performing, and screening films regularly in Canada and abroad. Currently, School of Creative Arts faculty members are working on a range of externally funded projects that explore multimedia performance, the intersection of art and biotechnology, ecology, architecture, documentary film, and urban culture. We encourage applications from artists working in a wide variety of contemporary practices. Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: February 10 Minimum TOEFL: IBT- 83 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements Applicants must submit a portfolio and a clear statement of interest. Portfolio Checklist Three Referee Assessments General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course DescriptionsVisit the School of Creative ArtsApply to this Program share tweet save Grad News COVID-19 updates from the Faculty of Graduate Studies Postponed: Three Minute Thesis competition 2020 Graduate studies features in the DailyNews Fine Arts Grad Combines Research and Creativity to Study Intersectionality of Her Heritage Weisener Lab Makes a Splash in Water Purification and Conservation More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
