http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/333/management?elqTrackId=07406828cc964d0b8b1957ac02c8f00f&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Management | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Ontario 3MT About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Ontario 3MT Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Management Management M.M. The Master of Management is a unique program that offers you the benefits of a world-class business education with the personal touch of a small school. The knowledge you acquire will serve as the foundation for your career as a business professional and a leader. Our graduates enjoy careers in private industry and government in human resources, finance, accounting, and supply chain management positions within Canada and abroad. A fixed curriculum to learn business principles while focusing on your specialization. Students will: Begin and end your studies with the same cohort of students. Limited class size, and personal interaction with faculty Dedicated program administration staff. Have an employment program to assist in developing your career portfolio. In addition, you will be given unlimited access to one-on-one appointments with a career advisor. You will be encouraged to practice your interviewing skills using video play-back technology. The Master of Management offers a September & January intake in: International Accounting and Finance Logistics and Supply Chain Management Human Resource Management Required Courses Accounting Finance Management Marketing International Business Quantitative Studies Business Strategy Business Communications Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: March 1 Deadline for Winter: July 1 Deadline for Summer: - Minimum TOEFL: IBT-100 Minimum IELTS: 7.0 Minimum Pearson: 68 Additional Requirements Letter of Intent Resume/CV Upon acceptance of an offer of admission a deposit of $4000 is due within 21-days. Please refer to the information on deposits included with your offer. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course DescriptionsVisit Odette School of Business Apply to this Program share tweet save Grad News COVID-19 updates from the Faculty of Graduate Studies Postponed: Three Minute Thesis competition 2020 Graduate studies features in the DailyNews Fine Arts Grad Combines Research and Creativity to Study Intersectionality of Her Heritage Weisener Lab Makes a Splash in Water Purification and Conservation More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
