http://www.uwindsor.ca/international-student-centre/?elqTrackId=6aa41ee250be429e8d385ceac00501b5&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=446&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=343
International Student Centre Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS International Student Centre In this section Soft Landing Program for New International Arrivals International Student Orientations Health Plans and Services Immigration and Visa Exchange Resources for Current Students ISC Co-Curricular Record Rewards Program Host For the Holidays Getting Involved Faculty and Staff Resources Events ISC Room Reservations Contact Us FAQ Soft Landing Program for New International Arrivals International Student Orientations Health Plans and Services Immigration and Visa Exchange Resources for Current Students ISC Co-Curricular Record Rewards Program Host For the Holidays Getting Involved Faculty and Staff Resources Events ISC Room Reservations Contact Us FAQ UWindsor Home International Student Centre International Student Centre International Student Centre Welcome to the International Student Centre (ISC) at the University of Windsor! International Student Centre NOTICE OF OFFICE CLOSURE DUE TO COVID-19 As you are no doubt aware, due to the COVID-19 pandemic the University of Windsor has made the decision to close all non-essential university offices until further notice. Therefore, the International Student Centre will close at 4:30PM on Tuesday, March 17, 2020 and will not reopen until further notice. As a result, you can access services in alternative ways until further notice. The International Student Centre will continue to monitor the following mailboxes: General inquiries: isc@uwindsor.ca Green Shield (OHIP Equivalent Health Coverage) gship@uwindsor.ca Student Exchange exchange@uwindsor.ca Study Permit, VISA and Immigration questions: deenaw@uwindsor.ca Tax questions: isctax@uwindsor.ca Many resources are also available through ISC’s Blackboard site. Attention new students: please complete the Soft Landing Arrival Form if you haven't already done so. The ISC provides a variety of quality services and programs to support almost 4,000 UWindsor international students, scholars, and their family members from over 92 different countries. Once you arrive on campus, you will be welcomed with a variety of orientations and arrival programs to help you successfully transition to the University of Windsor. The ISC team works diligently to help you achieve your academic and personal goals while in Canada. We provide professional advising services including academic support, information about health coverage and immigration information. We also provide plenty of extracurricular programming to ensure that your time at the University is not only academically fulfilling but also socially engaging. The ISC also administers exchange programs for students coming from abroad and for students studying at our partner institutions around the world. The ISC is your home away from home and we are happy to serve you and your family members. I invite you to contact our office at any time for assistance and support. Best wishes for a successful and memorable journey at the University of Windsor. Beth Oakley, Director of International Student Centre International Student Centre University of Windsor 2nd Floor Laurier Hall 401 Sunset Ave, Windsor, ON N9B 3P4 Email: isc@uwindsor.ca Tel: 519-253-3000 ext. 3938 Fax: 519-561-1472 www.uwindsor.ca/isc Hours: 8:30am to 4:30pm, Monday to Friday share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
