https://www.uwindsor.ca/continuingeducation/learn-mandarin
Mandarin 101 | Continuing Education at UWindsor Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Continuing Education About Us Enrol Instructor Hiring About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Continuing Education About Us Enrol Instructor Hiring UWindsor Home Continuing Education at UWindsor Mandarin 101 Mandarin 101 Mandarin Chinese is the most widely spoken language in the world - with over one billion users. It is the official language of the People's Republic of China, one of the official working languages of the United Nations, and the most commonly understood dialect among overseas Chinese communities. If you are preparing to travel to Mandarin-speaking countries, or looking to broaden your social circle, Mandarin 101 is an excellent place to start to learn common greetings, everyday phrases, and traditional customs. This course serves as an introduction to Mandarin Chinese, and will focus on: proper pronunciation, listening comprehension, oral communication skills, essential grammatical structures, and introduction to the written language. Whether your goal is to open up employment opportunities, or open up your world to a potential billion-plus Mandarin-speaking friends, this course is an excellent place to start. When: Every Tuesday and Thursday, 5:00pm-7:00pm, June 1 - July 22, 2020. Where: University of Windsor Main Campus Cost: $250 + HST This course is open to all! There are no pre-requisites and everyone is welcome. Instructor: Diwei Wang (Deena) - MEd, BA Diwei Wang (Deena), is a native Mandarin speaker from Beijing, China. Deena obtained her Master’s Degree in Education from York University. She has engaged in various areas of international education including cross-cultural training, recruitment, translation, advising, and has built partnership programs. Deena is passionate about cultural exchange and enjoys helping her students find the beauty and fun in learning the Chinese language and culture. If you would like to be notified about future offerings, sign up for the Continuing Education Interest List and we will contact you with further details. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
