https://continue.uwindsor.ca/477/introduction-acrylics
Introduction to Acrylics | Continuing Education at UWindsor Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Continuing Education About Us Enrol Instructor Hiring About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Continuing Education About Us Enrol Instructor Hiring UWindsor Home Continuing Education at UWindsor Introduction to Acrylics Introduction to Acrylics Explore a variety of acrylic painting techniques and develop your own creativity through integrating colour theory and photo transfer. Instructor, April Morris, MFA welcomes you! Learners will be guided through: how to stretch and assemble your own canvas. experimenting with colours, textures and other materials. discovery and discussion of influential artists while incorporating concepts into your own piece. transfering a personal photograph. Prerequisites: There are no prerequisites for this offering. All are welcome and beginners are encouraged to come try something new. When: Saturdays, October 24, 31, November 7, 14, 2020 Where: University of Windsor, Armouries Building, Downtown Campus How: In-class, 9:00am to 12:00pm. Participants will receive a Certificate of Participation upon completion of this workshop. Cost: $249 +hst. UWindsor Alumni and are eligible for a 10% discount and staff receive 5% off. Contact continue@uwindsor.ca for the discount code to use at checkout. Instructor: April Morris, MFA April Morris is a visual artist and arts educator born here in Windsor, Ontario. Exploratory walks taken through her hometown inspire Morris, as she explores a sense of place. The vibrancy and colour in her works come from unusual and unexpected surroundings. She holds a Bachelor of fine Arts Honors degree, Bachelor of Education, an Arts Management Certificate, and a Masters of Fine Arts from the University of Windsor. Currently she works as an artist and arts educator here in Windsor, ON. Sign up on our Interest List to be notified about enrolment and receive updates from Continuing Education. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
