https://www.uwindsor.ca/fahss/1041/fahss-students-are-windsor-proud
FAHSS Students are Windsor Proud! | Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences About FAHSS Departments Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Research Support FAHSS About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences About FAHSS Departments Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Research Support FAHSS UWindsor Home Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences FAHSS Students are Windsor Proud! FAHSS Students are Windsor Proud! Students talk about their experiences at the University of Windsor, and why they are studying the arts, humanities and social sciences! 2019 - 2020 Academic Year Noah Capannelli, recent Communication, Media & Film (CMF) graduate Noah Capannelli is a recent Communication, Media & Film (CMF) program graduate. "UWindsor is one of the only universities in Ontario that offers a film production program. Rather than the theoretical study of filmmaking, here we get our hands on cameras." Noah's advice: Just do it. Don't be afraid to make mistakes -- that's how we learn! Alyssa Lauzon, 3rd Yr, Social Work -- Plus she a scholarship for students! Alyssa Lauzon is a 3rd year Social Work student. She has also established and continues to fundraise for a mental health scholarship -- The Pinwheel Project. Alyssa also has 2 part-time jobs on campus and is a student representative for Social Work. Sophia Lutfallah, Law and Politics major, Philosophy minor Sophia Lutfallah started out as a STEM student in chemistry because she wanted to be a doctor. But Sophia loves to write and she soon carved out a new path for herself at university as a Law and Politics major with a minor in Philosophy. Next step, Law school! Rose Verzosa, 4th Yr, Social Work and Women's & Gender Studies Rose Verzosa is a 4th year Social Work and Women's and Gender Studies student. She's interested in working with diverse and vulnerable populations. Currently, Rose has a placement at a long term care home. She has also worked with children and volunteers with "Flip the Script" on campus. Katrina Bahnam, 3rd yr, Law and Politics Katrina Bahnam is a 3rd year Law and Politics major in the Faculty of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences at the University of Windsor. She talks about life as a students, clubs and student associations, and her favourite courses and experiences as a student. Dante Albano, Aeronautics Leadership program Dante Albano is a student in the Aeronautics Leadership program at the University of Windsor. Interested in aviation industry? Spread your wings and take advantage of the growing demand for pilots to serve as leaders in aviation and aerospace. Academic education is coupled with flight training, run by our industry partner, Journey Air, at the Windsor International Airport (YQG). Jamar Adams-Thompson (Othello) and Cullen McNaughton (Iago) talk about their roles in the Shakespeare play and why they are studying Acting at the University of Windsor. School of Dramatic Art students not only act in University Players' productions, they handle everything on the operations side too. Meet Molly Phillips, stage manager for Othello, and Sarah Richards, house manager at the Essex Theatre. Meg Mooney, 2nd Yr. Concurrent English and Creative Writing / Education Meg Mooney is a 2nd year University of Windsor student in the Concurrent Education program with a major in English and Creative Writing and a minor in French. She recently won the "Why Humanities" competition sponsored by the Humanities Research Group. Meg loves teaching and cross country running! 2018 - 2019 Academic Year Jane McArthur PhD Candidate in Sociology BA, Communication Studies and MA Communication Studies, both from University of Windsor. The University of Windsor is grounded in its community. Humanities and social sciences are critical fields of study, especially in the world we are living in today. Recommendation to first year students, “Explore the options, don’t limit yourself.” Mona Maki 2nd year Visual Arts & Built Environment (VABE) student I chose to come to the University of Windsor because it has a program that is different from every other school. It offered me a healthy balance between the sciences and the arts. VABE students study arts based classes in the morning and architecture based classes in the afternoon. Hands on learning: I’ve worked on-site with a construction worker and engineering firm and I will hopefully go on to do a co-op. When I graduate I will have many options because architecture is such a big field. My advice for high school students – dig deeper into programs you might be unfamiliar with or unsure about because it might be something you are really interested in. Lily Zitko Lily Zitko is a 2nd year History and Modern Languages (German) double major student in FAHSS. She's also an Outstanding Scholar and on the Dean's Honour Roll. Lily loves the opportunities she has to get involved with real research projects and have her articles published in journals as an undergrad. Matthew Lepain 4th year Bachelor of Music student I chose music at UWindsor because of the diverse opportunities we have here. All sides of the repertoire: classical, jazz, contemporary; and working with music technology. At the School of Creative Arts (SoCA) we are in a unique space where we get to see art and architecture going on all around us. We have many opportunities to go out into the community and perform in professional environments. We also have opportunities to perform experimental and electro acoustic music with the Noiseborder Ensemble Performance Lab. Highlight of my experience as a student was having the opportunity to perform a trumpet concerto with the Windsor Symphony Orchestra as a concerto competition winner. Rima Asfour 3rd year Political Science major, double minor in Sociology and English In political science we learn about the world and how it works. I wanted a mix of different studies. It was a way for me to express who I am. I also love to write poetry. It gives me different ways of expressing who I am. Rima Asfour won the 2019 Why Humanities Contest with her impassioned poem about her feelings after the horrendous terrorist attack in Christchurch, New Zealand. Rima says taking English’s Editing & Publishing Praticum where she edited a manuscript, which was then published as a book was a high point in her university experience so far. Her advice to students entering university, don’t stress out about your major. Crystal Bryan Crystal is a 4th year Bachelor of Arts (Honours), Liberal Arts and Professional Studies: Aeronautics Leadership student. Crystal is also the past-coordinator of the annual African Diaspora Youth Conference! Emily Roe Emily is a 3rd year Visual Arts major at UWindsor's School of Creative Arts. Emily talks about what makes the arts at UWindsor great. Anna Karch 4th year English, French and Creative Writing student Anna attended a science and math focused high school, but she always loved writing. She chose to follow her passion when she came to university. Sarah Yalda 4th year Criminology and Sociology undergrad student Social sciences make up every aspect of our lives. After graduation I will do a graduate degree in Sociology, and after that Law School. My undergrad classes have helped prepare me by doing a lot of research for courses and projects that help to develop my skills. Hands on Experience: I had a volunteer position at Victim Services through my classes in criminology. I was also able to get a student placement at the Windsor Residence for Young Men. Advice for high school students: get involved and volunteer in the community. That will help you a lot in university. Samantha Levang 4th year Psychology undergrad student Samantha became interested in psychology in high school. From practicum courses where you get hands on experience to getting involved in research projects as an undergrad, Samantha enjoys all the opportunities Psychology at UWindsor offers and that she can apply what she learns every day. About the student filmmaker of these interviews. Naomi Belay Naomi Belay is graduating from the University of Windsor this month. She double majored in Digital Journalism and Communication, Media and Film. These programs provided Naomi with opportunities to do an internship at the Windsor Star, producing newscasts, directing documentaries and this past winter working as a digital media assistant for the Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences. Naomi is a Torontonian, born and raised. However, she chose to pursue her post-secondary education at the University of Windsor because “I really enjoyed how my program gives students the opportunity to develop the conceptual and critical skills necessary to interpret our media saturated world through a combination of social sciences, theory-based format with digital media production.” Naomi’s hobbies include reading, social media, rock climbing and photography. Some of her goals for this summer include getting her google analytics and Facebooks ads certification. This fall Naomi hopes to begin her bachelor of education studies at UWindsor. Updated: May 6, 2019. share tweet save FAHSS Twitter Feed Tweets by UWinFAHSS Upcoming Events University Wind Ensemble Spring Concert Fri, 04/03/2020 - 19:30 share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
