https://www.uwindsor.ca/law/alumni/
Windsor Law Alumni Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Windsor Law Alumni In this section Welcome Alumni Events and Reunions Annual Alumni Awards Transforming Windsor Law Access Windsor Law Newsletter Law Publications Archive 50th Anniversary Scholarship Change to Juris Doctor (JD) Alumni Mentorship Program Make a Gift < Back to Homepage Welcome Alumni Events and Reunions Annual Alumni Awards Transforming Windsor Law Access Windsor Law Newsletter Law Publications Archive 50th Anniversary Scholarship Change to Juris Doctor (JD) Alumni Mentorship Program Make a Gift < Back to Homepage UWindsor Home Windsor Law Alumni Windsor Law Alumni Windsor Law Alumni COVID-19 Update To our valued Alumni and Friends: Windsor Law is committed to doing its part to maximize the health and safety of our entire community. We have transitioned to an on-site essential services model. In the interest of community safety, off-campus events have been cancelled or postponed. We will ensure our loyal alumni and friends receive notification when new dates have been confirmed. The Alumni and Fund Development Office at Windsor Law is working remotely and are still pleased to assist you. You can reach Karen Momotiuk Chapman at karenm@uwindsor.ca and Shae Harasym at shae.harasym@uwindsor.ca Above all, we hope that all alumni and friends affected by the outbreak remain safe and healthy through these challenging times. For more information about the University of Windsor’s response to COVID-19, please visit our COVID-19 website. OUR TEAM Karen A. Momotiuk, BA, LLB Alumni Relationships Alumni and Fund Development Office Windsor Law Class of 1996 519.253.3000 ext. 2920 Contact Karen For: Faculty of Law Annual Giving and Young Alumni Initiative Campaign, Coordinating Events & Law School Reunions, Windsor Law Communications and Web, Linking Alumni with Current Law Students. Shae Harasym, BA, JD Major Gift Officer Alumni and Fund Development Office Windsor Law Class of 2013 519.253.3000 ext. 4231 Contact Shae for: Major Gifts, Scholarships and Award Development. SUPPORTING WINDSOR LAW: There are many opportunities to support Windsor Law and to assist our students to achieve their goals. Please contact Karen Momotiuk or Nicole Anderson to learn more about how you can help. Here are just a couple: John Mountain '86 Law Scholarship 50th Anniversary Scholarship Brian Etherington Fund in Labour Law Jennifer Vieira Memorial Award share tweet save Make a Difference Alumni and Fund Development Office Faculty of Law, University of Windsor 401 Sunset Avenue Windsor, ON N9B 3P5 (519) 253-3000 x 2920 Karen A. Momotiuk, BA, LLB '96 (519) 253-3000 x 4231 Shae Harasym, BA, JD '13 share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
