https://windsorstar.com/news/local-news/executive-chef-steps-to-the-front-of-the-class
Executive chef heads to the front of the class | Windsor Star Skip to Content COVID-19 Join the mailing list to receive daily email updates. Join now to receive daily email updates. Subscribe Now> Sections Search Search windsorstar.com Perform search Share Close Share this Story: Executive chef steps to the front of the class Copy Link Email Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn TumblrSubscribe Main Menu Search windsorstar.com Perform search News Local News COVID-19 National COVID-19 World Traffic Weather Sports Hockey NHL Windsor Spitfires Football NFL NCAA Football CFL Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Arts Celebrity Local Arts Movies Movie Listings Television TV Listings Music Books Business Automotive Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz Local Business Energy FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Life Milestones Fashion & Beauty Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Puzzles & Comics Contests Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Obituaries Browse Notices Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Place a Classifieds Ad Celebrating Real Estate Showcase Real Estate E-Edition Local Directory Flyer City Subscribe Our Offers Home Delivery ePaper My Account FAQ News Sports Opinion Arts Business Life Local News Executive chef steps to the front of the class Author of the article:Mary Caton Publishing date:August 29, 2019 • 2 minute read Veteran chef Joe Ciliberto is embarking on a new career Tuesday as an instructor of hospitality baking at Amherstburg's Western Secondary School. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Share Close Share this Story: Executive chef steps to the front of the class Copy Link Email Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Trending Article content Chef Joe Ciliberto is moving out of the kitchen and into the classroom. The classroom, however, also happens to be a kitchen inside Amherstburg’s Western Secondary School. We apologize, but this video has failed to load. Try refreshing your browser, or tap here to see other videos from our team. Executive chef steps to the front of the class Back to video Ciliberto, a professional chef with 26 years in the industry, is embarking on a new career Tuesday as an instructor of hospitality baking for the Greater Essex County District School Board. “I’m on cloud nine right now,” Ciliberto said Thursday as he prepped his new work space. “I’m super excited to be here.” The 40-year-old rookie teacher grew up in the industry, learning at the foot of his father Mike Ciliberto who has owned and operated Windsor’s La Guardia Trattoria on Pitt Street for four decades. In fact, Joe is still La Guardia’s executive chef although he’ll have a more limited schedule at the restaurant now that the school year has begun. “I’ve got to have some family time,” he said of a busy life shared with wife Tanya, and sons Michael, 9, and Anthony, 6. Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. It was Tanya who suggested Ciliberto give teaching a try. “She saw how I taught the apprentices at the restaurant, my approach and patience and suggested teaching.” So Ciliberto started giving cooking classes through the LCBO and a local grocery store. “I fell in love with it,” he said. He’s going to be awesome, you can just tell. The kids are going to love him. For five years, he was the cooking instructor for a dual-credit course for high school and college students at St. Clair College. Finally, he took the plunge and enrolled fulltime into teachers’ college at the University of Windsor. “It’s been a roller coaster for the last two years,” he said of juggling school, the restaurant and family life. Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Joe Ciliberto will bring his extensive knowledge of the restaurant business to his new teaching assignment at Western Secondary School. Nick Brancaccio/Windsor Star On the heels of La Guardia celebrating its 40th anniversary in business this past June, Cilberto got a full-time contract with the board. “His enthusiasm and excitement and wanting to come to our school to work with our kids is great,” said Western principal Ange Safranyos. “He’s going to be awesome, you can just tell. The kids are going to love him.” Ciliberto admits to a bit of nerves as the first day of school approaches. “I can’t wait to meet all my new students,” he said. “My goal is to pass on the knowledge I have of the industry and trade. It’s a different setting than college so it’s still a little nerve wracking right now.” Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. To some degree, Ciliberto will be learning right along with his students, since he’s not a pastry chef by trade. “It’s going to be a different avenue but it will be fun to learn a lot of cool techniques. I’m looking forward to helping these students and I want to see them succeed.” More On This Topic Successful school youth mentoring program revived with new funding Reader letter: Naming school after Fred Thomas a brilliant suggestion Massey student Saleh earns $100,000 scholarship Vicki Houston, the board’s superintendent of human resources, also came to teaching from industry “so I definitely know the opportunities this provides,” she said. “The students in the hospitality and tourism program will have the opportunity to learn from someone who has worked as a chef in the industry for a number of years and will now bring all of that knowledge and experience into his classroom. We are very fortunate to have Joe.” mcaton@postmedia.com twitter.com/winstarcaton Share this article in your social network Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Open more share options Close Share this Story: Executive chef steps to the front of the class Copy Link Email Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Trending Related Stories This Week in Flyers Article Comments Comments Postmedia is committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. We have enabled email notifications—you will now receive an email if you receive a reply to your comment, there is an update to a comment thread you follow or if a user you follow comments. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information and details on how to adjust your email settings. Categories News Sports Opinion Arts Business Life Follow the Windsor Star Visit our Facebook page Visit our Twitter page Visit our YouTube page Visit our Instagram page Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use Copyright My Account Visit the Postmedia Brands page 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 © 2020 Windsor Star, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Notice for the Postmedia Network This website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. OK
