http://jointphdined.org
Joint PhD Home - Joint PhD Home Future Students Program Information Qualifying for Admission Application Instructions The Admission Process Application Checklist Tuition & Funding Student Services Regional Information Current Students Program Information Degree Requirements Fields of Study Courses Course Information Plan of Study Grading Student Appeals Comprehensive Portfolio Oral Examination Dissertation Dissertation Proposal The Doctoral Committee Registration Information Continuous Registration Leave of Absence Withdrawals Transfers Residency Program Forms Dissertations Joint PhD Newsletters Comprehensive Portfolio Portals Student Resources Student Services Libraries Technical Support Graduation & Convocation Summer Session Online Learning Resources Registration 2020 Keynote Speaker – Dr. Claudia Eppert Past Doctoral Presentations 2019 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Andre Grace 2018 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Susan Dion 2017 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Deborah Britzman 2016 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Rinaldo Walcott 2015 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Deborah Barndt 2014 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. David Smith 2013 Keynote Speaker – Dr. Kieran Egan 2012 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Margaret Kovach Faculty & Staff Centres for Teaching & Learning Home University Resources IT Help Desks Libraries Contact (807) 343-8891 jointphd@lakeheadu.ca Home Future Students Program Information Qualifying for Admission Application Instructions The Admission Process Application Checklist Tuition & Funding Student Services Regional Information Current Students Program Information Degree Requirements Fields of Study Courses Course Information Plan of Study Grading Student Appeals Comprehensive Portfolio Oral Examination Dissertation Dissertation Proposal The Doctoral Committee Registration Information Continuous Registration Leave of Absence Withdrawals Transfers Residency Program Forms Dissertations Joint PhD Newsletters Comprehensive Portfolio Portals Student Resources Student Services Libraries Technical Support Graduation & Convocation Summer Session Online Learning Resources Registration 2020 Keynote Speaker – Dr. Claudia Eppert Past Doctoral Presentations 2019 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Andre Grace 2018 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Susan Dion 2017 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Deborah Britzman 2016 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Rinaldo Walcott 2015 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Deborah Barndt 2014 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. David Smith 2013 Keynote Speaker – Dr. Kieran Egan 2012 Summer Keynote Speaker – Dr. Margaret Kovach Faculty & Staff Centres for Teaching & Learning Home University Resources IT Help Desks Libraries Contact Learn More Learn More Learn More Please visit our COVID-19 updates for the Joint PhD Program for more information. Learn More Learn More Learn More Joint PhD in Educational Studies Program Thank you for your interest in the Joint PhD in Educational Studies Program. Applications for the 2020 Academic Year are now closed. Please review our website https://jointphd-ed.lakeheadu.ca in the Spring of 2020 for updates regarding our application for the 2021 Academic Year. The Joint PhD in Educational Studies is offered by Lakehead University, the University of Windsor and Brock University. In bringing together a high number of qualified faculty with a broad spectrum of expertise and research interests, the program provides enhanced opportunities for depth and breadth in supervisory expertise. As well, it provides opportunities in generating new knowledge and directions in research. With a focus on nurturing students as developing scholars and leaders we promote professional development through collaboration fostering links between schools and universities, and promote partnerships locally, nationally, and internationally. Program Highlights Individualized plan of study Inter-university teams of instructors and supervisory committees Full-time and part-time study (with residency requirements) Face-to-face and web-based instruction Collaboration across universities Comprehensive portfolio – an innovative personalized approach to comprehensive examinations Three Fields of Study Cognition and Learning Educational Leadership and Policy Studies Social/Cultural/Political Contexts of Education Student Testimonials “The Joint PhD Program has provided me with a unique opportunity to benefit from the expertise and knowledge of colleagues and faculty from three universities. The program’s flexibility allows me, as a mature student, the opportunity to pursue a PhD education while maintaining strong connections with my family and the workforce.” Dr. Oyugi Perez, 2017 Alumni “The diversity in this program allows graduate students from different cultural backgrounds to explore their experiences and perspectives together in a caring, respectful, and supporting learning environment. Professors provide learning opportunities that are rich, meaningful, and geared towards the research interests of graduate students.” Mohamad Ayoub, Current Joint PhD Student “My experience in the Joint PhD program has been an excellent blend between studying at a small, close knit university where many students and scholars share my research interests and connecting with a broad and diverse group of colleagues and professors through the partner universities. This has brought both breadth and depth to my doctoral experience.” Dr. Martha Moon, 2019 Alumni “I once read that we grow only if we change, and that we change only when we are open and exposed to learning and new experiences. The Joint PhD in Educational Studies program provided me with new and valuable experiences. I received a lot of support from my home university and faculty, and the support of two additional universities and faculties. The Joint PhD Educational Studies helped me grow as a person and as a scholar.” Dr. James Czank, 2018 Alumni “The Joint PhD in Educational Studies program provided me the opportunity to delve deeper into scholarly research that was both professionally and personally meaningful. As a student in the program I had access to a broad range of expertise from faculty members across three universities, making it an exemplary learning experience.” Dr. Melissa Oskineegish, 2018 Alumni Overview: Joint PhD Program 2019 Program Handbook Designated Faculty List Applying to the Program University Quick Links Lakehead Faculty of Education Lakehead Faculty of Graduate Studies Lakehead Graduate Calendar Lakehead International Students Windsor Faculty of Education Windsor Faculty of Graduate Studies Windsor Graduate Calendar Windsor International Students Brock Faculty of Education Brock Faculty of Graduate Studies Brock Graduate Calendar Brock International Students ©2020 Lakehead University. All Rights Reserved. Website Developed by Firedog Communications.
