https://www.uwindsor.ca/engineering/425/news-and-events
News and Events | Faculty of Engineering Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Engineering About Engineering Departments Undergraduate Graduate Research News & Events Current Students About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS MENU FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Engineering About Engineering Departments Undergraduate Graduate Research News & Events Current Students Faculty of Engineering Home WE - Windsor Engineering Magazine Newsletters News Archive Contact WE - Windsor Engineering Magazine Newsletters News Archive Contact For engineering-related media inquiries, please contact: Kristie Pearce Communications Coordinator Faculty of Engineering University of Windsor T 519-253-3000 (4128) kpearce@uwindsor.ca Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Youtube Faculty of Engineering Home News and Events News and Events Crop-dusting design earns recognition for engineering students Mar 23rd, 2020 Four UWindsor engineering students placed third in the Canadian Engineering Competition for their design of a crop duster that travels on a zipline. From left to right: John Thibert, Frank Guarasci, Connor Ajersch, and Mathew Dunne. A national competition has recognized the skills of four University of Windsor first-year students. Connor Ajersch, John Thibert, Mathew Dunne, and Frank Guarasci placed third in the Canadian Engineering Competition for their design of a crop duster that travels on a zipline and drops various liquids onto specific plots along its path. The team had eight hours to build a prototype out of everyday household materials. “The biggest challenge in making the crop duster was figuring out the timing for when we had to drop off the liquids on the zipline,” says Ajersch. “This was challenging for us as we weren't allowed to use any electronics and had to figure out how to mechanically time the dropping of the liquid.” Read More COVID-19 updates Mar 13th, 2020 University COVID-19 Updates Students, staff and faculty are encouraged to visit the University of Windsor's COVID information website, which is regularly updated and includes resources for students, instructors and researchers. Faculty of Engineering COVID-19 Updates Engineering-related updates will continue to be listed below as more information becomes available. Read More Engineering society honours local chapter Mar 12th, 2020 A University of Windsor chapter of electrical and computer engineers has been recognized for its innovative programs and leadership. The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) society for Systems, Man, and Cybernetics (SMC) presented its 2019 outstanding award to the Windsor chapter, composed of students and faculty. The SMC chapter is chaired by Roozbeh Razavi-Far in the Faculty of Engineering. The award recognizes exceptional administrative, managerial, and leadership achievement, and meritorious and significant service to any SMC society sponsored activity. Read More Consortium funds research into cybersecurity of autonomous vehicles Mar 6th, 2020 Two UWindsor professors have received $383,000 in funding to research how to ensure the cybersecurity of autonomous vehicles. The research money for Mitra Mirhassani and Huapeng Wu was announced Thursday at the Entrepreneurship Practice and Innovation Centre as part of a $1.1 million funding announcement for the National Academic Cluster for Smart Vehicles through the Canadian Urban Transit Research and Innovation Consortium (CUTRIC). Drs. Mirhassani and Wu will investigate how to ensure technology used in autonomous vehicles and transit systems doesn’t include Trojan hardware. “We have to make sure they are safe, secure, and can’t be tampered with,” said Mirhassani. “If any loophole exists, there goes your security.” Two UWindsor professors have received $383,000 in funding to research how to ensure the cybersecurity of autonomous vehicles. The research money for Mitra Mirhassani and Huapeng Wu was announced Thursday at the Entrepreneurship Practice and Innovation Centre as part of a $1.1 million funding announcement for the National Academic Cluster for Smart Vehicles through the Canadian Urban Transit Research and Innovation Consortium (CUTRIC). Drs. Mirhassani and Wu will investigate how to ensure technology used in autonomous vehicles and transit systems doesn’t include Trojan hardware. “We have to make sure they are safe, secure, and can’t be tampered with,” said Mirhassani. “If any loophole exists, there goes your security.” Read More Coding workshop growing in popularity Feb 10th, 2020 A University of Windsor coding workshop for young women has more than doubled in size since launching in 2018. Nearly 100 female Grade 7 to 11 students left the university campus Feb. 8 equipped with one of the most in-demand skills across industries. One of them was Amna Ahmed, 13, who lives in Michigan and crossed the border for the second year in a row to take part. Mike Konstantino, the university’s engineering outreach coordinator, says the faculty has expanded the intake of the complimentary workshop and will host a second one that’s open to both female and male students in the spring. Read More Plane crash victims remembered as talented scholars and loving friends Feb 5th, 2020 (L-R) Zahra Naghibi, Mohammad Abbaspour Ghadi, Pedram Jadidi, Samira Bashiri and Hamidreza Setareh Kokab will be remembered by friends, faculty and staff as vital contributors and caring companions. They were dedicated researchers who were bolstering bridge safety with artificial intelligence, improving the accuracy of critical medical procedures and using solar energy to increase greenhouse efficiency. They were friends who never forgot a birthday, supported each other like family and reminded others of the importance of living in the moment. On Jan. 8, the University of Windsor lost five cherished members of its community, who were returning to campus, when Ukrainian International Airlines’ Flight PS752 crashed in Iran and claimed the lives of all 176 on board. “We all feel the tremendous depth of human suffering caused by this tragedy,” says Dr. Robert Gordon, UWindsor president and vice-chancellor. “Our own students were standing on the very doorstep of discovery in their research careers and their potential was limitless. We will never know what life-changing contributions they may have made in their areas of study and academic pursuits — and that loss is unfathomable.” Engineering doctoral candidates Hamidreza Setareh Kokab, Pedram Jadidi, Zahra Naghibi and her spouse Mohammad Abbaspour Ghadi and biology research assistant Samira Bashiri will be remembered by friends, faculty and staff as vital contributors and caring companions. Following the news of their deaths, the university received an immediate outpouring of support from the UWindsor community and general public to establish the “Remembering Flight PS752” fund, a graduate scholarship endowment that will support international students conducting vital research in the Faculties of Engineering and Science. Read More Engineering manager of technical support honoured for contributions Jan 23rd, 2020 A member of the Faculty of Engineering’s technical staff has been recognized for his innovative ideas and problem solving that have made an impact campus-wide. Andrew Jenner, the faculty’s manager of technical support, was nominated by his peers for his “exceptional willingness” to assist colleagues. “Andy’s ongoing responsiveness and contributions to support his colleagues across the university is inspiring and builds morale, respect. His positive approach makes for a more fun and collegial environment,” Rita LaCivita, vice president of human resources, said during the university’s annual Employee Recognition Awards reception on Jan. 20. “He exemplifies excellence and the ability to reach above and beyond the expected to truly make a difference.” Jenner received the “U” Make a Difference Award and was among 10 other honourees. In his role, Jenner oversees technical operations of the Ed Lumley Centre for Engineering Innovation and 18 engineering technologists. Read More Engineering alum to join Order of Canada ranks Jan 16th, 2020 UWindsor grad Donald Mavinic (BASc 1969, MASc 1971, PhD 1973), a professor emeritus in the Department of Civil Engineering at the University of British Columbia and an internationally recognized expert in water treatment, received a call to the Order of Canada from Gov. Gen. Julie Payette on Dec. 28. Membership in the order is extended to people “whose service shapes our society, whose innovations ignite our imaginations, and whose compassion unites our communities.” The announcement praised Dr. Mavinic for his contributions to environmental engineering science and technology in Canada, notably in the areas of liquid wastewater and residuals management. It is the latest in a series of honours for Mavinic. In 2010, he received the Ernest C. Manning Innovation Award and the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC) Synergy Award. The following year, he was given the Meritorious Achievement Award from the Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of British Columbia. He is the only Canadian to be named a Water Environment Federation Fellow. In 2016, he received the Engineers Canada Gold Medal Award. Read More Service draws hundreds in memory of plane crash victims Jan 13th, 2020 Hundreds of mourners filled Alumni Auditorium for a service Friday commemorating five members of the UWindsor community who died in the Jan. 8 crash of Ukrainian International Airlines’ Flight PS752. University officials, faculty, staff, and students were joined by elected representatives of the municipal, provincial, and federal governments, as well as hundreds of family members and friends who watched a webcast of the ceremonies. “Our hearts break today for all the families that have lost loved ones,” said UWindsor president Robert Gordon. “We mourn as the world mourns with us at the loss of promise and possibility.” He noted that the victims — biology research assistant Samira Bashiri, engineering doctoral candidates Hamidreza Setareh Kokab, Pedram Jadidi, and Zahra Naghibi, and her spouse Mohammad Abbaspour Ghadi — had “unlimited” potential to add to human discovery. Read More Scholarship recipient inspired by fund honouree Dec 16th, 2019 Zac Sinasac, just finishing his first semester of graduate study in automotive engineering, is grateful for the opportunities he has been afforded. “I say thank you as much as I can to the people who have supported me,” he says, listing faculty, family, friends — and donors to scholarships for UWindsor students. Sinasac says the $1,000 Shawn Yates Memorial Award helped inspire him to excel. “It’s a motivation, because you’re being rewarded and recognized for your efforts,” he says. “Sometimes you’re so deep in your books that you don’t realize people take notice.” He made the effort to learn more about Yates, a UWindsor alumnus (BASc 1982, MBA 1992) who helped to found the Windsor Engineering co-op program with the Fiat Chrysler Automobiles’ Automotive Research and Development Centre (ARDC) before his death in July 2017. Read More 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › share tweet save For engineering-related media inquiries, please contact: Kristie Pearce Communications Coordinator Faculty of Engineering University of Windsor T 519-253-3000 (4128) kpearce@uwindsor.ca Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Youtube Upcoming Events WINONE Tutorials (online) Thu, 04/02/2020 - 15:30 WINONE Tutorials (online) Fri, 04/03/2020 - 11:00 WINONE Tutorials (online) Sat, 04/04/2020 - 11:00 EEI's Carbon-Free Corridor Thu, 04/16/2020 - 09:00 View Event Calendar Subscribe to our E-news Tweets by UWindsorENG share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
