http://www.uwindsor.ca/engineering/2019-11-01/uwindsor-satellite-design-leading-student-competition
UWindsor satellite design leading student competition | Faculty of Engineering Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Engineering About Engineering Departments Undergraduate Graduate Research News & Events Current Students About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS MENU FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Engineering About Engineering Departments Undergraduate Graduate Research News & Events Current Students Faculty of Engineering Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Youtube Faculty of Engineering UWindsor satellite design leading student competition UWindsor satellite design leading student competition A team from the University of Windsor received top marks from the judges in the design review portion of the Canadian Satellite Design Challenge, in October in Quebec City. The competition requires students to develop a satellite that can take a photo from space when commanded to do so by amateur radio operators around the world. It is intended to advance space education in Canada, inspiring students to pursue science and engineering educations and careers. The satellites will undergo full launch and space environmental qualification testing, with the goal of launching the winning satellite into orbit. In Quebec, teams conducted 2.5-hour presentations to a panel of industry experts. Cole Nadalin, vice-president and business lead of the University of Windsor Space and Aeronautics Team (WinSAT), says the early results bode well for the school’s first-ever entry. “Placing first in Canada for our CubeSat design is an incredible achievement for the University of Windsor,” he says. “Having collected valuable information from the competition judges, the team now needs to fabricate and test a functioning satellite.” Team president Atilla Saadat says the multidisciplinary pursuit requires students from many disciplines, including engineering, computer science, physics, chemistry, biology, business, and earth sciences. “If you are a UWindsor undergraduate or graduate student interested in joining WinSAT — especially for your capstone project — check out https://winsat.ca/apply to read the requirements and submit your application,” says Saadat. Faculty advisor Afshin Rahimi says he has enjoyed helping the students with an extraordinary experiential learning experience outside of the classroom, but they will need backing to complete their journey. “The WinSAT team has come a long way with the limited amount of funding it has secured to date,” says Dr. Rahimi. “What has achieved so far is great, but to win the competition and truly put the University of Windsor on the map for aerospace studies, a lot more support is required from both academic and industrial institutions.” Nadalin says members hope to bring local expertise in advanced manufacturing to national attention, and will seek in-kind donations of materials and services. Find details of WinSAT’s needs at www.winsat.ca/sponsorship. 2019 News Archive Academic Area: Engineering Civil and Environmental Engineering Electrical and Computer Engineering Industrial Engineering Mechanical, Automotive & Materials Engineering — Published on Nov 19th, 2019 share tweet save Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Youtube share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
