https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2018-10-02/children%E2%80%99s-physical-literacy-subject-%E2%80%9Cstate-nation%E2%80%9D-report
Children’s physical literacy subject of “State of the Nation” report | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews UWindsor kinesiology professor Sarah Woodruff participated in the first national measure of children’s physical literacy. Children’s physical literacy subject of “State of the Nation” report Oct 3rd, 2018 About two-thirds of Canadian children haven’t achieved an acceptable level of physical literacy, says a national research project. UWindsor kinesiology professor Sarah Woodruff contributed to nine of the 14 related articles published Tuesday in the journal BMC Public Health. The research team examined varying aspects of physical literacy, defined as the motivation, confidence, physical competence, knowledge and understanding to value and take responsibility for engagement in physical activities for life. Researchers applied the Canadian Assessment of Physical Literacy to more than 10,000 children aged 8 to 12 years across the country — including 1,300 in the Windsor area tested by Dr. Woodruff and her local team — in the first comprehensive use of the tool. “Our study gives Windsor-Essex a great baseline that can be used to monitor changes over time and evaluate the impact of physical literacy programs in the future,” she said. Woodruff is proud of her work to help develop a version of the assessment which is shorter and easier to administer. The updated series of tests are available free of charge at www.capl-eclp.ca. The entire project was led by the Healthy Active Living and Obesity Research Group (HALO) at the Research Institute of the Children’s Hospital of Eastern Ontario, with support from the Public Health Agency of Canada, ParticipAction, and Mitacs. ParticipAction president Elio Antunes said the results show more work needs to be done. “Every organization concerned with the well-being of children… should allocate additional resources to increase children’s physical literacy,” he said. “Additional education campaigns, greater priority in school curricula, and increased numbers of physical education specialists could have a real impact in the health of Canada’s children.” Find the full set of articles on the journal’s website. Sarah Woodruff Strategic Priority: Pursue strengths in research and graduate education Academic Area: Human Kinetics Research share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
