https://my.uwindsor.ca/web/uw/so/login
Main - myuwindsor Sign In Contact Us Navigation Main Skip to Content Breadcrumbs myuwindsor Main UWindsor Daily News News Items Teachers snap up course on e-learning The Faculty of Education admitted 30 teachers from area school boards free to its advanced qualifications course on e-learning. 2 hours ago Website provides info on coronavirus for future students A central repository houses information especially for future students on the University’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 2 hours ago Windsor Law finds success in mooting competitions Windsor Law students engage in a variety of mock advocacy competitions each year. 2 hours ago Kanopy offers free streaming trial for UWindsor community UWindsor students, faculty, and staff are eligible for trial access to the Kanopy video streaming service. 2 hours ago Research to help extend reach of Windsor International Film Festival Film professor Kim Nelson is heading a team researching how to sustain community interest in the Windsor International Film Festival year... 1 day ago Intersession and summer courses to move online The University of Windsor is moving Intersession/Summer 2020 courses online. 1 day ago Geese flocking to fill campus niche? There are usually a lot of geese on campus at this time of year, says biology professor Dan Mennill. 1 day ago Awards to honour graduate and teaching assistants Nominations are open through May 25 for GA/TA awards for educational practice and leadership. 1 day ago Public invited to hear student proposals for Ojibway Shores UWindsor students will present MP Brian Masse with suggestions for his proposed Urban National Park on Friday. 2 days ago Tips aimed at helping staff and faculty transition to working from home Human Resources has released a series of tips aimed at helping staff and faculty transition to working remotely. 2 days ago Bookstore News News Items Course Material Refund Deadline Classes starting on January 6, the course material refund deadline is January 17, 2020. Regular Store Hours Regular Store Hours - Monday-Friday 9 am to 5 pm Textbook Buyback - Sell your books! Use our Buyback online search tool to register your used books or newly purchased textbooks. You will be notified automatically by email ... ITS Hot News News Items IT Services offers tips for being cyber secure while working remotely With most UWindsor faculty, staff, and students now working from off-campus locations, Information Technology Services recommends the fol... 1 week ago Booths to assist users in setting up multi-factor authentication Need help setting up your multi-factor authentication (MFA) options? Or just have questions about how MFA will work when it is enabled on... 1 month ago IT Service Desk extends hours to facilitate multi-factor authentication With multi-factor authentication (MFA) being enabled today on all faculty, sessional instructor, post-doctoral fellow, and adjunct profes... 1 month ago Implementation of multi-factor authentication underway The full rollout of multi-factor authentication (MFA) at UWindsor has begun. MFA was enabled Thursday on all staff, student employee, non... 1 month ago Database upgrade to take myUWinfo offline Saturday An upgrade to the underlying human resource database will take myUWinfo, UWindsor’s gateway to human resource information, offline on Sat... 1 month ago Options available for multi-factor authentication Multi-factor authentication (MFA) combines two or more independent credentials or “factors” — typically something you know (e.g. your pas... 2 months ago IT Services shares numbers on Multi-Factor Authentication To date, 452 faculty and staff members have Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) enabled on their UWin accounts. Information Technology Serv... 2 months ago Phased MFA implementation underway The first phase of the rollout of multi-factor authentication (MFA) starts today. 2 months ago Rollout of multi-factor authentication set to start Thursday The phased rollout of multi-factor authentication (MFA) at UWindsor begins Thursday, Jan. 30. “Early adopter” faculty and staff members w... 2 months ago Registration proceeding for multi-factor authentication More than 670 UWindsor faculty and staff members have set up their multi-factor authentication (MFA) options so they can continue accessi... 2 months ago ©2013 University of Windsor | 401 Sunset Avenue | Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 | 519-253-3000 | (my2)
