http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-11/changes-funding-requirements-prompt-move-raise-awareness-research-data-management
Changes to funding requirements prompt move to raise awareness of research data management | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews The Student Research Collaboratory in Leddy Library is the site of Research Data Management Day on Tuesday, Nov. 26. Changes to funding requirements prompt move to raise awareness of research data management Nov 12th, 2019 Campus researchers are invited to take part in Research Data Management Day on Tuesday, Nov. 26, in the Student Research Collaboratory at Leddy Library. With changes to the Canadian federal granting agencies on the horizon, Leddy Library has teamed up with the Office of Research and Innovation Services, the Office of the Research Ethics Board, and Information Technology Services to offer a half-day information and consultation session on research data management. “Research data management is becoming a critical component to many scholarly communication initiatives, including requirements to meet funding,” said Heather Pratt, executive director of Research and Innovation Services. Federal granting agencies such as CIHR, NSERC, and SSHRC have been advocating to make publicly-funded research more accessible by developing a policy on research data management. The policy aims to increase the benefits of research investments by creating a co-ordinated national approach to managing publicly-funded data in Canada. “While the exact date of the policy implementation has yet to be announced, it is important for us a research institution to prepare our campus stakeholders and determine how our services can best support our research community,” said Selinda Berg, associate university librarian. The UWindsor Research Data Management team is working to build a strategy and infrastructure for research data management practices on campus. Data librarian Berenica Vejvoda said a commitment to sound data management planning will ensure compliance with the implementation of upcoming Tri-Agency funding policies. “Good data stewardship demonstrates responsible research and promotes open sharing and re-use of valuable research outputs, which encourage new and innovative discoveries,” she said. The event will include a series of invited talks on Canadian research data management policy, working with sensitive and restrictive data, data infrastructure and storage, and a panel to discuss the effects of the upcoming Tri-Agency research data management policy on researchers. Space is limited, lunch provided. Register online: https://ctl2.uwindsor.ca/oris/workshops/12/#wkshp-113. —Marcie Demmans Leddy Library Office of Research and Innovation Services Research Ethics Board IT Services Heather Pratt Selinda Berg Berenica Vejvoda Strategic Priority: Pursue strengths in research and graduate education Academic Area: Research share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
