http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-06/professor%E2%80%99s-film-wears-uwindsor-identity-proudly
Professor’s film wears UWindsor identity proudly | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Robert Cordier, still working in Paris at 82, engages the practice of art as liberation. Professor’s film wears UWindsor identity proudly Nov 7th, 2019 Having the “luxury” of a research budget and support from the University of Windsor was key to the creative freedom history professor Steven Palmer enjoyed in making his feature documentary, Ghost Artist, which will enjoy two screenings during the Windsor International Film Festival. Dr. Palmer was inspired to make a documentary when his discovery of a revolutionary film about medicine and the body made for Expo 67 led him to its maker, the artist, poet, and director Robert Cordier. “Cordier told me so many stories about his extraordinary collaborations with a constellation of major 20th century cultural figures – Dalí, Warhol, Allen Ginsberg, James Baldwin,” Palmer says. “I thought the Expo film should be understood in that context. Because the original reference point was a film, building a cinematic frame to understand it seemed most appropriate. And Cordier was already 82, so time was tight.” Palmer got in touch with novelist and screenwriter, Ed Riche, his longtime collaborator in creative media, and two weeks later they were in Paris to film Cordier at work directing theatre while they captured his stories of the avant garde art world of New York in the 1960s. The film had its premiere at the Atlantic International Film Festival in September, and it will screen at cinematheques in Montreal, New York, and St. John’s in the coming months. Palmer calls the final result “a great example of research creation,” mixing artistic and scholarly exploration. “We had total freedom to find what we wanted, and to put the film together on research and artistic grounds,” he says. He also credits UWindsor history alumni Nate White, who served as data wrangler, and singer-songwriter Ron Leary, who contributed the credit sequence music. “I brought a lot of UWindsor merch to that first shoot and made sure as many people as possible were wearing it when the cameras turned on,” Palmer says. “There's a great UWindsor identity to the film, and we wear it proudly.” With a runtime of 66 minutes, Ghost Artist will be shown twice in the SoCA Armouries Performance Hall: 9:15 p.m. Friday, Nov. 8, 8:20 p.m. Sunday, Nov. 10 Find more information on the film festival’s website. Steven Palmer Strategic Priority: Engage in community partnerships Pursue strengths in research and graduate education Academic Area: Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences History Research share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
