http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-06/uwindsor-researchers-aim-improve-lives-cardiac-patients
UWindsor researchers aim to improve lives of cardiac patients | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews UWindsor researchers Cheri McGowan and Kevin Milne are part of an international consortium studying how to get more cardiac patients participating in rehabilitation programs. UWindsor researchers aim to improve lives of cardiac patients Nov 7th, 2019 Finding ways to get more cardiac patients participating in rehabilitation programs is the focus of a new research initiative co-founded by a UWindsor kinesiology professor. “Cardiac patients around the world underutilize cardiac rehabilitation, despite evidence that these programs offer physical and mental health benefits,” said Cheri McGowan, a clinical cardiovascular and exercise physiologist in UWindsor’s Faculty of Human Kinetics. Dr. McGowan is leading a cross-border team comparing cardiac rehabilitation models of care throughout the Great Lakes Region. Called the Great Lakes Cardiac Rehabilitation Consortium, it includes fellow UWindsor kinesiology professor Kevin Milne, and experts from the cardiac rehabilitation programs at Hotel-Dieu Grace Healthcare, the Lawson Health Research Institute (St. Joseph’s Health Care London), the Henry Ford Medical Group (Henry Ford Health System) in Detroit, and the University of Michigan (Michigan Medicine) in Ann Arbor. The consortium members include cardiologists, scientists, exercise specialists, physiologists, students and statisticians. They know there are barriers that keep cardiac patients from accessing programs and adhering to them. Their goal is to find solutions to help more patients access cardiac rehabilitation and improve long-term adherence to the healthy behaviours these programs try to instill in participants. “To our knowledge, the consortium is the first of its kind in North America and lays a foundation for long-term international collaboration and impact, said McGowan. “This work will help optimize cardiac rehabilitation and potentially improve the lives of thousands in our individual communities and beyond.” Cardiac disease is the leading cause of death worldwide. Cardiac rehabilitation programs have proven to reduce hospitalizations and lower death rates. Funding for the consortium’s early work comes from a Partners in Research grant from the University of Windsor and Hotel-Dieu Grace Healthcare. ? Sarah Sacheli Cheri McGowan Kevin Milne Strategic Priority: Pursue strengths in research and graduate education Academic Area: Human Kinetics Research share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
