http://www.uwindsor.ca/chemical-control-centre
Chemical Control Centre Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Chemical Control Centre In this section Welcome to the CCC Safety Programs Chemical Stock Room Required Training Research Safety Committee Spill Response Waste Management Contact Us Welcome to the CCC Safety Programs Chemical Stock Room Required Training Research Safety Committee Spill Response Waste Management Contact Us UWindsor Home Chemical Control Centre Welcome to the CCC Welcome to the CCC Welcome to the Chemical Control Centre (CCC) The University of Windsor's one-stop source for hazardous materials on campus. Dear CCC Customers, The Chemical Control Centre is taking steps to accommodate the needs of the University and to protect the faculty, staff and students during the Coronavirus (COVID-19) situation. In alignment with the advice and recommendations from the Windsor Essex County Health Unit and Public Health Agency of Canada to practice social distancing, we are moving to telephone and online ordering. Starting Tuesday, March 17, 2020 the Chemical Control Centre will only be accepting orders by phone or online until further notice. The store wicket will be closed. Orders can be placed using the online Remote Ordering Entry System, by emailing ccc@uwindsor.ca or by calling 519-253-3000 ext. 3523. When the items you have ordered are ready, we will inform by phone and/or email to arrange a pick up. If you have questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to ask. Thank you, Chemical Control Centre Staff Our Mission The mission of the CCC is to promote the safe use of hazardous materials by the University community through organised acquisition, distribution, disposal and training services. Our Values & Guiding Principles Approachable Collaboration Expertise Safety Service Our Services Chemical Stock Room Laboratory Safety Training and Manuals Hazardous Waste Management Our Hours of Operation The Chemical Control Centre is open from Monday through Friday during the following hours: 8:30am – 12:00pm 1:00pm – 4:30pm Contact the Chemical Control Centre If you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact us. Chemical Control Center Office: B37 Essex Hall Phone: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3523 Fax: (519) 973-7013 Email: ccc@uwindsor.ca share tweet save Resources Hazardous Materials Information System Safety Data Sheets Available Training Available Manuals share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
