http://leddy.uwindsor.ca/leddy-news
Leddy News | Leddy Library | University of Windsor About the University Academic Programs Research Admissions Student Life Giving International Gateways for: Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Leddy Library Important notice The library building is closed until further notice due to the Covid-19 disruption. Library services, resources and collections are available remotely during the Covid-19 disruption. Our remote hours of operation are 8:30am - 4:30pm Mon-Fri. Please visit our online library services information page. Please ignore system notices regarding fines and due dates until the library reopens. Late fees will not accrue during this period. You are here Home › Leddy News subscribe to Leddy News Free trial of streaming platform Kanopy Submitted by Leddy Library on Thu, 03/26/2020 - 11:58 From now until April 17, 2020, the video streaming platform Kanopy will be available to University of Windsor students, faculty and staff. Kanopy has provided the University of Windsor with unlimited access to a selection of documentaries, films and other educational streaming video content. To access Kanopy, go to https://uwindsor.kanopy.com and use the following credentials to log in: Read more about Free trial of streaming platform Kanopy Changes to the ornithology resource Birds of North America Submitted by Roger Reka on Fri, 03/13/2020 - 14:05 The online ornithology resource Birds of North America from the Cornell Lab of Ornithology is changing and will be replaced by the new Birds of the World platform (accessible now). Tags: biology e-resources ornithology Read more about Changes to the ornithology resource Birds of North America Leddy Transformation Student Use Survey Submitted by Leddy Library on Mon, 03/09/2020 - 09:50 A new and improved Leddy Library may be on the horizon for students, faculty, and staff at the University of Windsor. The Leddy Library and Hariri Pontarini Architects are currently gathering feedback from campus stakeholders and students to inform the potential transformation of Leddy Library. Tags: Leddy Transformation Read more about Leddy Transformation Student Use Survey Explore self-expression with Queer Zine Making Submitted by Leddy Library on Sat, 02/29/2020 - 14:40 The Leddy Library in partnership with the Sexual Misconduct Response and Prevention Office invite you to explore self-expression through Queer Zine Making on Wednesday, March 4 in the Student Research Collaboratory. Learn how to make two styles of zines to showcase your unique interests, messaging, or research. All materials are provided. Drop by at any time between 2:00 – 5:00 PM. Tags: Zine Making Read more about Explore self-expression with Queer Zine Making Your Ideas, Your Library! Submitted by Leddy Library on Tue, 02/04/2020 - 15:26 Attention UWindsor Students! Do you have ideas to transform Leddy Library? We want to know! The Library invites you to participate in a focus group session to gather ideas for the future library. Food will be provided. Space is limited to 25 participants, please register in one of the following sessions to reserve your spot. Tags: Student Focus Group Leddy Library Transformation Read more about Your Ideas, Your Library! Did you miss the Leddy Library Transformation Consultation? Submitted by Leddy Library on Mon, 02/03/2020 - 12:05 A new and improved library may be on the horizon for UWindsor students, faculty, and staff. The Leddy Library Master Space Planning Committee hosted the first of several consultation days on January 16th to gather feedback from stakeholders about how to transform the library space into an innovative hub for learning, teaching, research, and creative activity. Tags: Leddy Library Transformation Hariri Pontarini Architects Read more about Did you miss the Leddy Library Transformation Consultation? Blind Date with a Book Submitted by Leddy Library on Mon, 02/03/2020 - 10:05 No “swiping right” this Valentine’s Day! Leddy Library is bringing back Blind Date with a Book. The Leddy team has carefully selected and wrapped eligible books who will be waiting patiently for their special readers starting today. Tags: Blind Date with a Book Zina Hirmiz Read more about Blind Date with a Book Leddy Library invites applications for a Limited-Term Learning Specialist Submitted by Leddy Library on Wed, 01/29/2020 - 10:38 The University of Windsor’s Leddy Library invites applications for a Twelve (12)-month Limited-Term Academic Ancillary Staff Level I, Learning Specialist in the field of Academic Data and Statistical Consulting, commencing as early as May 1, 2020. This position is subject to final budgetary approval. Apply by February 21, 2020: http://bit.ly/312yXcF Tags: Leddy Library Academic Data Centre Read more about Leddy Library invites applications for a Limited-Term Learning Specialist Workshops to explore new ways to showcase research and scholarly activity Submitted by Leddy Library on Mon, 01/27/2020 - 13:49 Leddy Library’s Centre for Digital Scholarship will kick-off two workshop series next week to help researchers explore new ways to showcase their research and scholarly activity. The first series, Creating Digital Exhibits, includes four workshops on how to create unique digital exhibits to showcase scholarly work and research. Tags: Centre for Digital Scholarship Library Workshop Devon Mordell Read more about Workshops to explore new ways to showcase research and scholarly activity Bookmobile returns to Leddy Library Submitted by Leddy Library on Fri, 01/17/2020 - 14:12 The Leddy Library welcomes the Windsor Public Library Bookmobile back to campus every third Wednesday, starting January 22. The scheduled visits correspond with the item loan period, allowing patrons to return borrowed material directly to the bookmobile. Winter 2020 Dates: • January 22nd • February 12th • March 4th • March 25th • April 15th Read more about Bookmobile returns to Leddy Library Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Print this page Display text-only version Search Library Catalogue Journal Articles & Research Tools Journal List Order From Other Libraries Course Readings Help Research Help Statistics and Data Help Writing Help Computer Help Services Borrowing Submit Course Resource Lists Contact Us About Leddy Contact the Library University Directory Campus Map University Archives Rare Books & Special Collections Academic Data Centre Statistics Canada Research Data Centre Law Library Campus Copyright Information Copyright Guidelines & Requirements Copyright Resources Campus Copyright Updates Collection of Personal Information Alberta Copyright Modules Scholarship @ UWindsor Open Access Windsor Centre for Digital Scholarship Southwestern Ontario Digital Archive Polonia Centre Polish book fund Mental Health Resources University Home Leddy Library Home About the Library Sitemap
