http://leddy.uwindsor.ca/archives
University of Windsor Archives | Leddy Library | University of Windsor About the University Academic Programs Research Admissions Student Life Giving International Gateways for: Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Leddy Library Important notice The library building is closed until further notice due to the Covid-19 disruption. Library services, resources and collections are available remotely during the Covid-19 disruption. Our remote hours of operation are 8:30am - 4:30pm Mon-Fri. Please visit our online library services information page. Please ignore system notices regarding fines and due dates until the library reopens. Late fees will not accrue during this period. You are here Home › University of Windsor Archives Mandate The University of Windsor Archives holds the permanent and long-term institutional records of the University of Windsor. We also collect and maintain a variety of Special Collections holdings focusing on unique or rare materials of historic interest to the University and the local community. The Short Register contains a list of publicly available holdings: Archives and Special Collections Short Register (PDF 180Kb) For more information about University of Windsor Institutional records that may be available to researchers, please contact the Archives. Visitors are required to abide by the Rules and Regulations. Location Archives, Rare Books and Special Collections is located in the basement of the main building, Leddy Library. Contact Email: archive@uwindsor.ca Phone: 519-253-3000 ext. 3851 Location: Main building basement, room G-100 Print this page Display text-only version Search Library Catalogue Journal Articles & Research Tools Journal List Order From Other Libraries Course Readings Help Research Help Statistics and Data Help Writing Help Computer Help Services Borrowing Submit Course Resource Lists Contact Us About Leddy Archives and Special Collections Hours of Operation To visit Archives and Special Collections outside open hours, please contact us to make an appointment: Email: archive@uwindsor.ca Phone: 519-253-3000 ext. 3851 University Archives Archives main page Disaster Plan Exhibition Policy Tranfer of Items Policy Rules and Regulations for Research Use Finding Aids Rare Books and Special Collections Land Registry Copy Books Ford Motor Co. of Canada Tony Techko Collection Genealogy Genealogical Resources in the Archives Other Genealogical Resources Contact the Library University Directory Campus Map University Archives Rare Books & Special Collections Academic Data Centre Statistics Canada Research Data Centre Law Library Campus Copyright Information Copyright Guidelines & Requirements Copyright Resources Campus Copyright Updates Collection of Personal Information Alberta Copyright Modules Scholarship @ UWindsor Open Access Windsor Centre for Digital Scholarship Southwestern Ontario Digital Archive Polonia Centre Polish book fund Mental Health Resources University Home Leddy Library Home About the Library Sitemap
