http://www.uwindsor.ca/law/library/
Paul Martin Law Library Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Paul Martin Law Library In this section Law Library Home About Us Reference Services Research Sources Using the Library Contact Us Student Employment Law Library Home About Us Reference Services Research Sources Using the Library Contact Us Student Employment UWindsor Home Paul Martin Law Library Your Gateway to Legal Information Your Gateway to Legal Information Advanced Search | Journals | Leddy Resources | Omni Guide Text-Only Version of this Page Law Library COVID 19 REMOTE SERVICES UPDATE Note that some information may change. Hours of Operation The Law Library will be closing at 4:30pm today, Tuesday March 17, and re-opening with remote services only at 8:30 am tomorrow morning, Wednesday March 18, until further notice. Book Renewals, Fines and Fees, General Information Requests: Schedule: 8:30 am to 4:30 pm Monday through Friday. Delivery Method: Book renewals, fines and other circulation-related transactions will be handled by email only at lawcirc@uwindsor.ca. Patrons can also sign in to the library catalogue by clicking “Sign In” at the top right of the catalogue, and using your UWIN UserID and Password for some transactions. Fines and Fees: Overdue fines accumulated during this period will be waived. Fines do not accumulate for Faculty members. End of year fine collection for graduating students After April 1, 2020 all outstanding student library fines of $15.00 or more must be paid at Cashiers. Outstanding fines under $15.00 will be waived. Please visit the following website for payment options: http://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/719/payment-options Interlibrary Loans: Schedule: 8:30 – 4:30 pm Monday through Friday Delivery Method: Send an email to lawill@uwindsor.ca Other details: We will continue to do our best to provide remote ILL services (requests for digital content only), however all patrons are advised that ILL Services will be significantly curtailed as our partner institutions at most other Universities are closing their libraries. Reference Services: Schedule for Librarians: 8:30 am - 4pm Monday – Thursday. 10 am - 12 pm on Fridays; Schedule for Student Reference Associates: 4 – 9pm Monday - Thursday, 2- 7 pm on Sundays via LiveChat only; Delivery Method: Requests via LiveChat on the library website: www.uwindsor.ca/law/library or; via email at lawreference@uwindsor.ca (Note that emails sent to this address will generally be answered during business hours only.) Other Details: There will be no access to print books in the library collection during this period. For all patrons, pay-per-use purchasing of articles may also be requested. Send such requests to lawreference@uwindsor.ca and a librarian will review the request. Please visit the Law Library website at http://www.uwindsor.ca/law/library for all of your information needs. Note that by the end of the day today, on our website - we will be providing a handout that explains how to obtain electronic books for law. Extra copies of the McGill Guide are now available on the reserves shelf. Law Librarians will have a copy of the McGill Guide at home with them and are available to assist with citation. Thanks so much for your patience and co-operation! Annette L. Demers BA LLB MLIS | Law Librarian Notice of Collection of Personal Information Please send your feedback to lawlibrarian@uwindsor.ca share tweet save Library Catalogue Faculty of Law Digital Repository Lexis Advance Quicklaw WestlawNext Canada HeinOnline Today's Library Hours 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM Reference Services: LiveChat: link below E-mail: LawReference@uwindsor.ca Call: (519)253-3000 ext. 2977 *Remote Access to e-books *Open Access Collections Law Library Events TRC Reading Circle* *POSTPONED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE Law Library Construction Notices March 9, 2020 to end of March SECOND FLOOR - Packing of law library books We apologize sincerely for the disruption that will be caused by these activities. Contact Us share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
