https://www.uwindsor.ca/soca/236/soca-gallery
SoCA Gallery  | School of Creative Arts (SoCA) Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS School of Creative Arts (SoCA) School of Creative Arts (SoCA) In this section Welcome to SoCA Music Visual Arts Visual Arts and the Built Environment (VABE) Film Production & Media Arts Master of Fine Arts (MFA) SoCA Event Listing SoCA Gallery Noiseborder Ensemble INCUBATOR art lab SoCA Room Booking Policies SoCA Rooms -Booking SoCA Presents Nomination Form GA/TA Postings in SoCA Sessional Postings Special Instructor Job Postings Buy Tickets Armouries Construction Photos SoCA Armouries Restoration Wins Award Welcome to SoCA Music Visual Arts Visual Arts and the Built Environment (VABE) Film Production & Media Arts Master of Fine Arts (MFA) SoCA Event Listing SoCA Gallery Noiseborder Ensemble INCUBATOR art lab SoCA Room Booking Policies SoCA Rooms -Booking SoCA Presents Nomination Form GA/TA Postings in SoCA Sessional Postings Special Instructor Job Postings Buy Tickets Armouries Construction Photos SoCA Armouries Restoration Wins Award UWindsor Home School of Creative Arts (SoCA) SoCA Gallery SoCA Gallery Located in the downtown core of Windsor, the SoCA Gallery is a not-for-profit university exhibition space which is used to support our current educational programs in the School of Creative Arts (SoCA). Its primary focus is to develop best practices in exhibition standards for our undergraduate and graduate students. We also aim to support, where resources permit*, the needs of the academic community more broadly as well as the work of alumni and the arts community more generally. SoCA Gallery gives precedence to the following: • MFA/BFA Program Exhibitions • Faculty-directed/curated research exhibitions • Course based programming • Student organized group exhibitions • Visiting artists exhibitions/workshops • Community partnerships • Alumni projects *Gallery fees are not paid unless granted through external funding sources. Submissions: Your application will be reviewed by the SoCA Gallery Committee. The committee will decide if your submission is successful. To apply, please go to: Online application to exhibit in the SoCA Gallery. Gallery handbook: /soca/sites/uwindsor.ca.soca/files/gallery_handbook_201920.pdf Floor plan: soca_floor_plan.pdf Exhibition Schedule Winter 2020 Jan. 6 - 10 Myrllen: A Portrait. Works by new Visual Arts faculty member Catherine Heard Public Reception: Thursday, Jan. 9, 5 - 7 pm Jan. 20 - 24 3rd year VABE student exhibition Jan. 27 - 31 Doug Jarvis Mar. 9 - 13 VABE student reunion exhibition Mar. 16 - 20 Student photography exhibition Apr. 6 - 10 BFA graduation exhibition Gallery hours: Monday thru Friday, 8:30 am - 4:30 pm The Gallery is located at the north/University Avenue entrance to the Armouries, 37 University Avenue, East, Windsor. Exhibitions are free and the public is welcome! For more information, please contact: Victor Romão Gallery & Building Coordinator Sessional Instructor School of Creative Arts Armouries Building - room 102 37 University Avenue, E. Windsor, ON N9A 1E4 519-253-3000 ext. 2830 romao1@uwindsor.ca share tweet save Daily News Clarinetist credits instructor for scholarship win Reception to celebrate art professor’s exhibition Heritage publication details repurposing of Armouries Cabaret concert to benefit children’s charity Singers to share spirit of the season More Upcoming SoCA Events University Wind Ensemble Spring Concert Fri, 04/03/2020 - 19:30 Tweets by UwindsorSoca share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
