http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-11/architect-lead-conversation-conservation
Architect to lead conversation on conservation | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Christopher Borgal lent his expertise to the multi-million dollar revitalization of the iconic Massey Music Hall in downtown Toronto. Architect to lead conversation on conservation Nov 12th, 2019 Architect Christopher Borgal will discuss the restoration of historic buildings in his free public presentation, “Lateral Thinking in Heritage Conservation: an experience-based forensics approach to heritage buildings and landscapes,” at 6 p.m. Wednesday, Nov. 13, in the SoCA Armouries Performance Hall. The talk is part of the Archilecture series celebrating the 10th anniversary of the Visual Arts and the Built Environment program. Borgal is a principal with the architectural firm of Goldsmith Borgal & Company. His work has included designs for the use of museums, federal buildings, churches, multiple and single housing, galleries, theatres, libraries, offices, and a lighthouse. The SoCA Armouries is located at 37 University Ave. East. Academic Area: Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Creative Arts share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
