http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-07/humanities-week-discuss-some-big-questions
Humanities Week to discuss some big questions | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews The Humanities Research Group presents Humanities Week, Nov. 11 to 15. Humanities Week to discuss some big questions Nov 8th, 2019 Humanities Week, Nov. 11 through 15, promises a series of diverse events in casual settings. Hosted by the Humanities Research Group, activities are intended to foster discussion and a better understanding of the humanities. This year’s schedule includes: Monday, Nov. 11 Advice from the Real World: Recent graduates from the Faculty of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences talk about work and careers 1 p.m. in the Collaboratory Space, Leddy Library Tuesday, Nov. 12 The invented crisis: lecture on Universities and the demise of free speech by law professor Richard Moon 6 p.m. at the Performance Hall, Armouries Building, 37 University Ave. E. Wednesday, Nov. 13 Great Scots: Douglas Gibson discusses Canadian Fiction Writers with Links to Scotland 6 p.m. in the Multimedia Studio, Alan Wildeman Centre for Creative Arts, 360 Freedom Way Thursday, Nov. 14 Play reading and discussion: HRG fellow Michelle McArthur will lead a staged reading of Erin Shields’ Millennial Malcontent 7 p.m. at the Hatch Studio Theatre, Jackman Dramatic Art Centre Friday, Nov. 15 30 Years Celebration: featuring the winner of the 2019 Why Humanities? contest 5 p.m. at the Green Been Café, 2320 Wyandotte St. W. All the events are open to the public and free to attend. Learn more on the HRG’s website. —Dana Roe Humanities Research Group Dana Roe Michelle McArthur Richard Moon Academic Area: Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Creative Arts Drama History Languages Philosophy Law share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
