http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-01/silver-screen-showcase-cinematic-short-stories
Silver screen to showcase cinematic short stories | DailyNews Skip to main content The University of Windsor has moved to an “essential service only” model. Learn More. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Covid-19 Research and Innovation Information and Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews Our Top Stories Current Issue All Stories Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic DailyNews Archive Contact DailyNews The Windsor International Film Festival will screen “Buskin’ in the Subway” Nov. 4 as part of its collection of local short works. Silver screen to showcase cinematic short stories Nov 4th, 2019 Education professor Cam Cobb and B.Ed student Chris Di Staulo teamed up to create a 10-minute documentary that will screen during the Windsor International Film Festival as part of its “WIFF Local Shorts” collection, at the Chrysler Theatre at 8 p.m. Monday, Nov. 4. Their entry, Buskin’ in the Subway, follows a day in the life of Don Stevenson, a 70-something Toronto busker. Stevenson shares stories from a life that saw him cross paths with Etta Jones, Etta James, B.B. King, Janis Joplin, Santana, Sly Stone, Jimi Hendrix, and more. Monday’s screening will feature 12 films, including several with a UWindsor connection: film student Braunte Petric’s Defender, which describes the work of Windsor law professor Julie Macfarlane on behalf of litigants who represent themselves in court; student Yongjun Liu’s A Normal Evening, depicting the struggles of trying to be happy in Canada on the eve of Chinese New Year; Essence of Death, by MBA grad Matthew Sabelli, a fable on life, the afterlife, and what it means to exist; alumnus Francesco Loschiavo’s post-apocalyptic tale Into the Grey; and two by student Gemma Eva — the thriller Rough Love, and with classmate Calum Hotchkiss, the period piece The Rabbit and the Snare. The Chrysler Theatre is located at 201 Riverside Dr. W. Find more information, including a list of the local shorts, on the festival website. Cam Cobb Chris Di Staulo Braunte Petric Julie Macfarlane Yongjun Liu Matthew Sabelli Francesco Loschiavo Calum Hotchkiss Gemma Cunial Strategic Priority: Engage in community partnerships Academic Area: Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Communications, Media & Film Creative Arts Business Education share tweet save IT Services Office 365 Group and OneDrive Access Issue Mar 31, 2020 Project Notifications CAW Student Centre - Marketplace Dining Hall Renovations - Access Disrupted, April 6 - September 1, 2020, 7:00am-11:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/North/South-Building Locked Until Further Notice, March 25, 2020, 11:00am Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades Project-SU #1 Air Handling System for Addition Only, March 25,2020, 8:00am-12:00pm Lambton Tower-Heat Pumps Installations/HVAC Shutdown, March 24-25, 2020, 8:00am-2:00pm Essex Hall-Removal of Wind Tunnel (Room 303), March 23-27, 2020, 7:00am-4:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
